     CURRICULAM VIATE 

 
PRADIPTA KUMAR BAYEE 
pradipta.kumar2244@gmail.com 
Cell No: +91-9962842448 
At: Deulasahi, Po: Olaver. 
Ps: Rajkanika. 
Dist: Kendrapara. 
State: Odisha, India, 754227 
Passport No: N9024032 
Post Applied For: Front Office/Back Office Operation.   

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
To secure a position where I can effectively contribute my skills as possessing competent Technical and 
Organizational Skills. 
WORKING EXPERIENCE: 

  Current Employee : Hitachi Payment Service 

Position                   : Cash Executive (Back office operation) 
Duration           

   : From 14th Sep 2015 to…… 

 Roles and Responsibilities: 

  Cash Loading, Cash low, Cash out and Trouble shoots the customer complaint and provides 
optimal solutions through ATM CRM Offering resolution and close looping of complains 
registered by the M/S Vendors , Franchises. 

  Cross functional interaction to address complains, crises management and address the desired 

service level committed to the ATM Channel Manager from respective Banks. 
  Activation of new account(ATM) and address verification through Vendors.  
  Renew or Terminate Of account through Retention Process. 
  Preparing Reports of close SR, Move to ATM takeover and handover from Respective Bank and 

M/S Vendors. 

  Previous Employee  : Firstsource Solutions Limited 

Position                     : Customer Support Executive (for AXIS Bank Credit Card) 
Duration            

     : From 5th Nov 2013 to 24th Aug 2015.  

 
Roles and Responsibilities: 

Relation Management). 

Franchises. 

  Trouble shoots the customer complaint and provides optimal solutions through CRM (Customer 

  Offering resolution and close looping of complains registered by the call centre Executives, 

  Cross functional interaction to address complains, crises management and address the desired 

service level committed to the subscriber. 

  Activation of new account and address verification through POS.  
  Renew or Terminate Of account through Retention Process. 
  Preparing Reports of close SR, Move to Deactivate and Pending Tech Complains. 

 

 

 

 

1 

  Offering  resolution  and  close  looping  of  complains  registered  by  the  call  centre  Excutives. 
Franchises Preparing Reports of close SR, Move to Deactivate and Pending Tech Complains. 

 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION: 
  Completed HSC from Board of Secondary Education, Orissa in 2006. 
  Intermediate from CHSE (Council of Higher Secondary Education) Orissa in 2008. 
  Graduation in History from Utkal University in 2011. 
  Cisco Certified Network Administrator (CCNA) From 

The sansbound networking school in 2014                                :  

 
ABILITY & QUALITY :  

  Quick learning and assuring new job responsibility 
  Accurate and reliable work least supervision. 
  Adaptability in a contact, initiative and devotion to work 
  Analytical mind and positive attitude. 

 
HOBBIES: 

  Listening Music, Playing Carom and Browsing Internet. 

 

 
PERSONAL PROFILE  
 
            Father’s name          :   Prafull Kumar Bayee 
Date of birth            :   6th June 1989 
 
            Gender                    :   Male 
           Marital Status           :   Unmarried 

Languages known   :   English, Hindi, Oriya 

            Permanent Address :   At-Deulasahi, Po-Olaver 
                                                 Dist- Kendrapara, Odisha 
                                                 Pin-754227                             
 
DECLARATION 
            
 I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge  
and subject  to verification. 
 
 
 
Date    : 
 

Place  :                                                                 PRADIPTA KUMAR BAYEE                        

 

 

 

 

2 

