    RESUME

   Contact no : +91 9978029626
Email:shakthiraj46@gmail.com

SATHIYASUNDHARAM. S
#38A,Shanmuga Nagar,
Lalpuram&(po),Manalur,
Chidambaram(tk),
Cuddalore -001

Career objective

Academic qualification

Seeking a challenging career in an organization that provides me an opportunity to demonstrate my skills and 
improve my knowledge and be a part of a team that works dynamically towards goal of the Organization.

Qualification

                  Institution

 Board of Examination

  Year of
    Study

Percentage 
Of Marks

Diploma in Electrical & 
Electronics Engineering

Ayyappa polytechnic college
Aivadhugudi.

Directorate of Technical 
Education

2011-2013

91.30%

HSC

S.S.L.C

Pachaiyppa’s higher secondary 
School, Chidambaram.

State board of
Examination. Tamilnadu

2009-2011

53%

Ramasamychettiar higher 
secondary school, Chidambaram.

State board of
Examination. Tamilnadu

2008-2009

65 %

Current Organisation 

Organization: CHENNAI RADHA ENGINEERING WORKS (P) LTD.

                      Currently working as operation & maintenance of  (Electrical & Electronics)Engineer Adani Port 
special Economic zone limited Under CREW PVT LTD.

Designation: Assistant Engineer.

Department: Engineering.

Experience: 2014 Till Now 

Work experience

Organization: RANE TRW STEERING SYSTEM LTD. 

                          Joint Venture of Rane Group and TRW of United Kingdom. One of the Leading Power Steering 
gear & Pump Manufacturer for global passenger car manufacturers like Hyundai, Ford, Tata, Renault, M&M and 
DICV.

Department: R & D Product Development.

Experience: 2013 to 2014

CORE COMPETENCIES:-

application of troubleshooting tools

malfunctions and corrective actions

Roles & responsibilities.

Transformers (6.6KV / 415V)  

Breaker (800AMPS to 3200AMPS)

 Planning   and   effecting   predictive   &   preventive   maintenance   schedules   for   various   machinery   and

equipment to increase machine up time & equipment reliability

 Proactively identifying areas of obstruction/ breakdowns and taking steps to rectify the equipments through

 Ensuring   prompt   and   accurate   recording   and   reporting   of   preventive   maintenance   activities,   plant

 Responsible   for   operation   and   maintenance   of   Power   Transformers   (   66KV/11KV),   Distribution

 Responsible for operation and maintenance of Vacuum Circuit Breaker (6.6KV to 11KV) and Air Circuit

 Responsible for operation and maintenance of BATTERY BANK(Lead acid  and Nickel cadmium)

 Responsible for operation and maintenance of EOT(15Ton) and Electric Hoist(2Ton to 10Ton)

 Responsible for operation and maintenance of HT and LT control panel( Transformer feeder, Incomer, Bus

Coupler and Motor feeder)

 Hands on experience with the conveyor safety devices work such as Pull cord, Sway switch, Zero speed

switch and having knowledge with Flap gate design.

 Meticulously kept maintenance records of machines and utilizing them as valuable reference for resolving 

breakdown issues

 I have sufficient knowledge of Trouble Shooting of  all Electrical Equipment

 Ensuring 100% Preventive Maintenance (PM) & Condition Base Monitoring (CBM)

 Executing Cost Control Management in terms of Manpower

 Planned / Unplanned job execution & Check list, Log books and related records maintaining

 Ensuring Healthy, Safety & Environment.

 Deep understanding of PLC ( ABB AC 800M) programming ladder logic and all aspects of inputs and

outputs of the system 

 Data entry in SAP 

 Capable to read and understanding electrical / instrumentation drawings.

 Capable to learning new techniques and technologies as they are discovered.

NVH Testing

 Vehicle level, System level & Part level Noise measurement.

 Air borne noise and Structure borne measurement in pump.

 Pressure pulse& vibration measurement in power steering pump.

 Knowledge on Noise Instruments (Like PROSIG, NOISE METER) 

 Knowledge on noise software (Like Dats)

 Skilled in setup of ACCELEROMETERS, MICROPHONE, SPEED SENSORS, PRESSURE 

TRANSDUCERS, THERMOCOUPLES & Other Sensors.

Communication Address

#38A,Shanmuga Nagar,

      Lalpuram&(po),Manalur,
Chidambaram(tk),
Cuddalore -608001

Projects

Software proficiency

Diploma Project: RFID Based voting machine for stop the forgery voting.

 Design packages: AutoCAD, E – CADD.

 Operating System: Windows, Linux.

 Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power point)

Personal Profile

 SAP 

Father’s Name        :  K.Saravanan

Asserts

Date Of Birth          :  20/07/1994

 Have much experience to handle customers & vendors globally

Sex                          :  Male

 Good communication skills.

Martial Status          :  Single

 Eager to learn more technically.

Religion                  :  Hindu

 Have much experience in power steering product testing & 

Nationality              :  Indian 

Languages Known  : English, Tamil , 
                                   Hindi 

Extra Certification courses

developing 

 Quick learner.

Passport Number     : L7417403

 Diploma in Product Design at CADD centre. (Electrical CADD)

Declaration

                    Hereby, I declare that the above information furnished by me is

true to the best of my knowledge and belief. I assure you that I will execute

my work to the fullest satisfaction of my superiors.

                                                                                 Regards,

S.Sathiyasundhharam

Place: 
Date :

