Curriculum Vitae

ANKUSH BANSAL

# 497/3, GALI NO. 2, Subhash Nagar Khurana Road 

Near Shora Kothi Kaithal.  (hry.) 

Mob: - 9560162340

Email: - abansal630@gmail.com

Career Objective:

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi tech environment with committed and

dedicated   people,   which   will   help   me   to   explore   myself   fully   and   realize   my   potential.

Willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment.

Academic & Professional Qualification:-

 Passed Diploma in Civil Engineering. 

 10th Passed From HBSE Board.

Work Experience :

 Sept. 2011 to 26-Sept.-2012 in Ridge Construction Company at Site A-16 Sec. 80 in

(noida) as a site engineer. 

 Period Oct. 2012 to till date in Shree Ganesh Construction as a billing engineer at

site B.P.T.P Amastoria Sec. 102 Gurgaon as a billing engineer Since nov. 2013.

 Period Dec. 2013 to till date in M/S Charanjit kochhar as a Billing Engineer at site

Paras Tierea sec. 137 & Paras Season Sec. 168 noida (U.P) as a billing engineer

Since April 2015.

 Presently Working in Saya Homes Pvt. Ltd. At Saya Gold Avenue near Shipra Mall

Indirapuram GZB. As a Billing Engineer.  

 Knowledge of computers MS office-Excel, word, internet, Auto-Cad.

Additional qualifications & knowledge:-

Duties & Responsibilities:

 Preparation M.I.S.

 Checking of R.A. bill & Final bill, Sub-contractor’s bills R.c.c

 Checking   of   reconciliation   statement   according   to   theoretical   and   actual

Consumption of running & final bill.

 Checking of B.B. schedules Estimated and bill as per construction drawing.

 Execution of all Civil & Finishing work, and Handling of sub-contractors.

 To study of the architectural & structural drawings & explain to piece workers, sub-

contractors, foremen & supervisors.

 Preparation of comparative statement of PC v/s Client bill.
 Preparation of Comparative statements of quotations and Work Orders of PRW's.

 Maintaining Contract documents & collection of all relevant data from projects.

 Father’s Name

 Date of Birth

 Sex

 Marital Status

Sh. Vipin Kumar Bansal

Personal Profile:

: 

: 

02-11-1988

Male

Married

:

: 

: 

: 

 Languages Known

Hindi ,English

 Nationality

Indian

                                                                    Hobbies

 Dancing and cricket.

Declaration:

 I   hereby   declare   that   the   information   furnished   above   is   true   to   the   best   of   my

knowledge.

Date

Place 

(ANKUSH

BANSAL)

