EMAIL:
CELL:

  

 rahmani9045@gmail.com
+966-565167032

CAREER OBJECTIVE:

YCAREER HISTORY: 

An Electrical Engineer having 3+yrs professional working experience in Transmission 
and Distribution substation, Substation construction and search for career prospect and 
growth in industries.

1. Presently   working   with  Al-Gihaz   Holding   Company   Ltd. projects in Installation,
Erection of Electrical equipment's in Sub Station  as  SITE ENGINEER  since November
2015.  

Projects handled:

 132/33kv AL-QUZ Substation South region, SAUDI ARABIA.

Client 

: SEC (Saudi Electricity Company)

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

 Bachelor of Technology in Electrical  from RGEC Meerut, with 68.88% aggregate in the  year of 2009 

to 2013, approved by AICTE GOVT. of INDIA 



Intermediate from HIIC BALRAMPUR, UP with 74.88% marks in 2009.

 High school from HIIC BALRAMPUR, UP with 70.16% marks in 2006.

Present Experience Abroad:

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Company Profile -:  Al-Gihaz Company (South Operating Region) Saudi Arabia.

 Generally responsible for implementations and monitoring of all electrical related works at site.

 Estimates, prepares and assigns the resources such as manpower, materials, consumables, 
equipment, tools, etc., required for all electrical and related works prior to execution. 

 Plans and analyses all possible construction methodologies and recommends the best options to 

the Asst. Site Manager for approval prior to execution at site.

1 | P a g e

at site.

civil groups.

works.

groups at site.



Interprets construction drawings and studies the contract documents and applicable standards or 
specifications prior to execution of any jobs.

 Manages directly and provide engineering and technical supports to all the electrical work groups

 Plans the execution of all electrical related works and coordinates the works to mechanical and 

 Coordinates with Client / Consultant’s representatives for any site instructions and inspection of 

 Assign targets for accomplishments and ensure targets are met on daily basis for all electrical 

 Submits site daily reports, inspection requests, estimates and all applicable monitoring reports on 

regular basis or as required.

groups at site. 

 Supports the Asst. Site Manager in accomplishing all the goals and targets for the electrical 

 Ensures that all the works done are in accordance with the approved construction drawings, 

contract documents, project specifications, and all applicable standards whether local, national or 
international standards.

 Ensures that all site works are done according to all applicable quality standards.

 Directly responsible for the safety of all electrical groups’ personnel of the project by ensuring 
that the project execution will be done according to all applicable health, safety, sanitary and 
environmental standards.

 Performs other related duties as may be required by the Asst. Site Manager.

WORK EXPERIENCE INDIA:

 Company Name – ROYAL INDIA INTERNATIONAL.  As An Engineer                     

Duration –May 2013 to April 2014

 Company Name-Skylark Securitas Pvt. Ltd. As a GET 

Duration –May 2014 to July 201

FIELD OF COMPUTERS:

 Basic Elementary/ MS word/Excel & Auto Cad. 

FIELD OF SAFETY:

2 | P a g e

 Knowledge in working at heights.
 Knowledge in the Excavation.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Sayyed Mubarak Hasan
01 January 1991

Passport Number


Father Name
 Date of Birth

 Marital Status
 Nationality


Permanent Address

:
:
:            L5181309
:
:
:

Unmarried    
Indian
H No- 406 Machhliganv nankar, Mankapur, Gonda, U.P, 271302, INDIA

I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.

DECLARATION

Place……….

Date:

Abdurrahman Rahmani

(Signature)

3 | P a g e

