Edwin Davis. Project Engineer

Mobile: +971 - 544998079      Email: im.edwindavis@gmail.com

 Career Objective

To pursue a highly rewarding career, challenging and healthy work environment where I can utilize my skills
and knowledge efficiently for organizational growth

Having   2   years   of   experience   as   a   role   of   project   Engineer   in   design,   development   &   unit   testing   of
embedded   application   development   on   different   platforms,   which   includes   1.5   year   of   experience   on
Medical domain,proficient in medical devices development and its standards and 6 months of experience on
automotive – infotainment development at Wipro Technologies, Bangalore & Kochi.

 Core areas of skills are electrical design , R&D & embedded testing.
 Both practical as well as theoretical knowledge in electrical design, drafting.
 Working more efficiently and productively so as to produce maximum output.
 Hands on experience in various phases of DLC such as Analysis & Testing.

         Profile

Have good experience :

Education

Degree

Board/University

Percentage

B.Tech [ Electrical
& Electronics ]

IES Engineering College,
Thrissur

Intermediate

SSC

Nirmala Matha Central School,
Thrissur, Kerala

Nirmala Matha Central School,
Thrissur, Kerala

Training Course Detail:-  

Year of
passing

76.6 %

  Apr-2014

79.6 %

May-2010

81.8 %

May-2008

Institute Name             : National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology, Calicut, Kerala              
Training title                 : PG Diploma in Embedded System
Duration                        : 6 months.

Experience

Projects: 
Title:  Electrical design of G+5 floors residential apartment

      

                                       Client: Dhanush Engg services
Description:

 Calculation of Transformer & DG set rating and designing of HT/LT 
cables, bus-bars, light fixtures, CB’s,distribution boards, earthing, 
sockets, A/C load & capacitor banks

 Load   calculations   and   designing   of   HT/LT   cables,   bus-bars,   light

fixtures, CB’s, sockets, A/C load

System design:

 Estimation of total load and deciding voltage level.
 Selection   of   Transformer/DG   capacity   and   number   with   necessary

metering & protection.

 Selection of load center location & captive power generation station.
 Segregation   of   estimated   maximum   demand   into   individual   load

 Preparation of detailed schematic main single line diagram.
 Calculation of Short Circuit Current & Voltage Drop at each level of

 Selection of HT & LT switchgear based on breaking, making & short

 Selection of HT & LT cables based on thermal, short circuit & voltage

 Preparation of sectional drawings of HT & LT switches board and bus-

centers.

distribution.

time capacity.

drop values.

bar sizing.

 Design of earthing based on max fault current & design of lightning

protection system.

 Preparation of building plan & Equipment layout:
 Point of Supply and Cable Trench layout.
 DG & Main LT electrical room layout.
 Earthing scheme & earthing layout.
 Lighting, Power & UPS layout with distribution scheme.
 Co-ordinated Cable tray & raceways layout with detailed sections.

 Load balancing & Preparation of bill of quantity(BOQ)

Company 1
Jan 2015 – 
Jan 2017

Wipro Technologies
Project 1 Details:-
Name: Mazda (Japan based Company)
Client: Visteon
Platform:  Bluetooth
Hardware: CMU – Freescale i.MX applications processor
Description:

 Bluetooth – In Bluetooth, deals with 4 modules mainly Bluetooth hands-
free, Bluetooth connection application, BTMUSIC, pairing application.
Bluetooth supported features and specially used features in JCI car kit
profiles are detailed

 Analysis   of   requirements,   design   and   development   of   Bluetooth

Role and Contribution:

modules.

 Worked on several Bluetooth SCR’s.
 Experience on the Car Play feature for the CMU project.

.

Project 2 :-

Name: ForceTriad
Client: Medtronic (US based company)
Platform:  Medical Devices
Description:

 ForceTriad - Energy platform is a full-featured electrosurgical system,
which   provides   electrosurgical   cutting   and   coagulation,   bipolar
functionality and vessel sealing in a single generator. RF generator uses
different   power   modes   and   is   compatible   with   conventional
electrosurgical instruments. 

Role and Contribution:

 Analysis   of   Requirements,   design   and   development   of   ForceTriad



modules.
Implemented the new support for the changes and bugs related to the
device.

 Experienced on upgrading the new support for latest accessories in the

device.

 Experienced in adding the USB feature support in the device.

Industrial Training:

 Visited Bramapuram diesel power plant unit, Ernakulam for 6 Days 
 Visited Shalom private electrical industry for 4 days.

         Skills

Tools
Project Domain

: AutoCad , Electrical-Cad ,Electrical design, DIALUX
: Automotive, Medical

Academic Achievements

Won first prize in State level Mime and third prize in District level.
Represented & won prizes for badminton and soccer in corporate company level & college
level competitions.

         Personal Information

Name
Date of Birth
Passport Number
Visa Status
Language
Sex
Permanent Address

 : Edwin Davis
 : 18 Jan 1992
 : L7524505
 : Visit
 : English, Malayalam
 : Male
 : Kanjiraparambil House
   Kottekad Po Kuttur
   Thrissur, Kerala

        
   
                India

I   ,  Edwin   Davis   hear   by  declare   that   all   the   information   I  have   given   above   is   true   as   per   my
documents.

                          Edwin Davis

