DIVYANSHU KUMAR

Cashier with INDIA Experience

D.O.B: 02/12/1995

Nationality: INDIAN

Current Location:- Amritsar Punjab INDIA.

Mobile: +91 9915913668 & +91 8578998849

Email: kumardivyanshu30@gmail.com

INDIAN Passport No:- R0280774

OVERVIEW

Over two year of cashier experience, maximized work opportunities to develop proactive and
courteous customer approach using good communication skills  mathematical aptitude and
computer knowledge.

SPECIALIZED SKILLS

Sound knowledge of cash management principle and account balance.

Multitasking without losing focus.

Knowledge of accounting, bookkeeping and mathematics for data entry assignment.  

Coursework in bookkeeping.

Can manage internal/external relation successfully.

Able to work independently and under pressure.

Able to do other duties as assigned.

Objective

Seeking a stable position in a reputed financial firm, so that I can use my experience and
knowledge for mutual benefits and growth.

Responsibilities and performance

Processed transaction quickly and efficiency, maintained a friendly and cordial relationship
with the customer by greeting them and assisting them with all relevant issues.

Crated a friendly/positive impression at the checkout educated customers about new schemes 
and promotional activities that benefit them.

Maintained register and all books related to cash transaction and kept them up to date.

Updated the database regularly by manually documenting all transaction in the register as 
well as the Computer System.

Monitored all the cash reserves and ensured adequate cash reserve in all station.  

Provide customers with outstanding service and assisted them in solving their queries and 
doubts. 

EDUCATION

Patel College Hilsa Nalanda Bihar 
B. Sc SCIENCE Aug 2017.

Royal Computer Study Center Hilsa Bihar
DCA + DTP + Tally Apr 2012.

LANGUAGES

English - Excellent reading, writing and speaking.

Hindi - Excellent reading, writing and speaking.

COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SKILLS

Operating Systems: Window 9X, Windows 2000, Window XP, Linux.

Graphics Tools: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe PageMaker.

Office Package: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint.

OTHER INTERESTS

Bike Riding, Reading Motivational Story & Watching Horror Movie.

REFERENCES: Available upon request

DIVYANSHU KUMAR

Date:

 

(Sign)

