Radha HG
Abu Dhabi, UAE

Mobile: 971-544394222

                E-mail: radha1101@yahoo.com

Career Objective:
Seeking a placement as HR with reputable organization in order to utilize my qualification,
professional skills & expertise to the optimum level to further develop my career, and to benefit
of the organization I work for.

Summary of Experience:

 10 years of experience in Administration & HR with reputed companies in India.
 Professionally qualified with Master in Business Administration (MBA), Master of Arts 

(MA) & also hold a  Bachelor degree in Arts (BA).

 Well versed in MS Office & internet applications.
 Good knowledge of HR Competencies and Activities. 
 Good communication skills & presentation skills 
 Good Team player, Positive Attitude and Fast learner.
 Comprehensive knowledge of recruitment procedures, policy implementations, benefits

 Creative designer of work flow systems, to eliminate duplication of effort and increase

administration and staff supervision.

proficiency and productivity of employees.

 Able administrator of confidential projects with dispatch and discretion.
 Enjoys a busy working environment and is able to cope under pressure.
 Ability to work diligently and on my own without supervision.
 Hard working, detail oriented, able to multi-task.
 Creative with impressive organizational abilities, interpersonal and presentation skills.
 Excellent in meeting objectives through use of independent action, prioritization.
 Can present a supportive, positive and enthusiastic attitude towards the job, the company

and colleagues at all times.

Key Skills:

HR Generalist: Issuing of Offer Letter and explaining the salary details, Taking care of 
Joining formalities of the Employees, co-ordination with the new joiners Employee Relationship,
Managing Performance Management of the Employee & Processing Employee PF, ESI, 
Mediclaim & other Employment Registration forms and Handling Exit Interview

Professional Experience:

Human Resources Consultant : -  Logica Pvt Ltd., Bangalore, India (Feb 2011 – October 2012)
Senior Process Executive – HR : -  Infosys BPO Ltd., Bangalore, India(January 2007 – Dec 2010)
Process Executive – HR : -  First American India, Bangalore, India (August 2005 – January 2007)
Associate - HR  :-  Mphasis. Bangalore, India (August 2003 – August 2005)

CHRONOLOGY:

02/2011 – 12/2013, Logica Pvt Ltd., Bangalore, India
Human Resources Consultant



Joining Formalities- Completing new hire HR paperwork (background authorization, 
employee handbook, Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, etc) 

 Processed background verification check for shortlisted candidates. 
 Generating offer letter’s for selected candidates. Assisted with the roll out, Buy Out of Notice
Period and training of company initiatives, such as performance management, recruiting, 
benefits, HR policies and procedures. 

 Negotiations: salary negotiations, notice period buy out, joining bonus, Candidates 
accommodation, traveling allowance for the candidates and for senior managers.
 Record data for new joiners details with their salary, education, personal data, Date of 

Joining, amount of Joining Bonus, contact information, Capture Reasons of Non Joining- 
Present analysis of Non Joiners and reasons

 Performed day-to-day reporting and contact with other departments to ensure the accuracy 

and consistency of all company departments and made updates when necessary. 
 Explain company personnel policies, benefits, and procedures to employees or Job 

applicants. 

 Preparing the Joiners final report on daily basis.
 HR Metrics & Reporting – MIS/HRIS Update 
 Processing one time payments like Bonus, Incentive, with necessary income tax deductions.

 Contractor:  Coordinate appointments with recruiting agencies for all positions. 
 Channeled pro-active quality by working closely with management and being aware of 

Issuing Identification Card as per the company Policy.

upcoming events on Recruitment/Hiring.

 Conducted New Hire Orientation. 
 Releasing Reimbursement option in online for employees claim
 Collection of Reimbursement bills and validation of bills as per company policies
 Generating claims Approval and Rejection Statement

 Processing approved claims
 Maintaining monthly Reimbursement Register and Balance statement
 Releasing Reimbursement details online

Intimation to the employees about rejection with reasons

01/2007 – 12/2010, Infosys BPO Ltd., Bangalore, India
Senior Process Executive - HR

 Act as a bridge between management and employee.
 To follow up for joining formalities of new joinees by coordinating with regional offices.
 To look after the process of reference check.
 To prepare induction schedule for new joinees. 
 To Prepare and give welcome kit to new joiners.
 To prepare Letter and confidential Agreements.
 To update database with information of new joinee.
 To take care of probationary period for new joinees.
 To prepare the MIS report based on new joinees and Exit interviews.

 liaison with recruitment consultants.

08/2005 – 01/2007, First American India. Bangalore, India
Process Executive - HR
 Sourcing, Screening, and Scheduling Interview short listed candidates.

 Coordinate first round of HR Interview by taking computer test and technical round. 
 Conducting Induction for the new joinees.
 Conducting exit interviews.-Maintaining a pool of short-listed candidates for every position.
 Maintaining the record of attendance, leave, salary, etc.
 Advising and counselling employees on career development.

08/2003 – 08/2005, Mphasis. Bangalore, India
Associate - HR
 Source required resumes from the database/web/jobsites 
 Speaking/emailing   to   the   screened/shortlisted   resumes   and   checking

their availability and interests.

 Forward   the   interested   candidate   resumes   to   clients   against

requirements Scheduling the interviews.
 Preparing the report for selected candidates.
 Coordinate with the selected candidates by confirming the joining date.
 Communicate with the selected candidate till they join.
 Maintain database record for all employees.

Achievements
 :  
 

Computer
 

    Skills
 :

 

 Received appreciation email from business managers.
 Awarded the best team player of the month twice in the stay at Logica.

Windows 2000, NT, Windows Xp, and Windows Vista.
MS.Office & Internet Application

Educational & Technical Qualification:

 Bachelor of Arts (BA)
 Master of Arts (MA) in Hindi
 Master of Business Management (MBA) in HR
 Post-Graduation Diploma in HR
 Post-Graduation Diploma in Translation (Hindi v/s Kannada)    

Personal
 

    Information
 :  

 

 Date of Birth
 Nationality
 Marital Status
 Passport No
 Date of Issue
 Place of Issue
 Visa Status
 Languages Known

: 
:
:
:
:
: 
:
:  

01-Nov-1978
Indian 
Married
M532007
15-01-2015 till 14-01-2025
Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Residence Visa
English, Hindi, Kannada & Malayalam

