 K. HENRY JOSEPH

65, nakkeeran street, Aiyappan nagar,Kk nagar-po,
Trichy | Tamil Nadu | India -620021
Mobile: 9894657769, 8012056559 | Email: joseph.khj@gmail.com Skype : joseph.khj

Career Objective
“A time-served and suitably qualified Electrical Technician with extensive knowledge of electrical legislation, 
codes, and standards of practice. Experienced in installing, operations, maintaining and testing electrical systems 
and equipment in domestic, commercial and industrial environments. Possessing an in depth knowledge of safety 
procedures for both construction, International Power and maintenance projects. Now actively looking to further a 
successful career by working for an ambitious and expanding company”.
KEY SKILLS

 Lighting Equipments & systems
 Electrical Systems & Controls
 Switches & Circuit Breakers

 Generators & Transformers
 Operations & Maintenance
 Diagnosis & Troubleshooting

 Power Generation
 Offshore PTW
 SLD & Schematics
AREAS OF EXPERTISE

1. Commissioning/ Testing

 Handling erection, testing and commissioning of large diesel power plants which are having 
equipments such as distribution & power transformers up to 6.3MVA, ABB make Isolators, 
HT/LT(11/0.415 KV)  GIS Switchgear etc.

 Carrying out the Off-line and On-line scheme checks.
 Carrying out inspection and functional checks for the equipments.

2. Operations & Maintenance

 Planning and effecting preventive maintenance schedules of various machinery and instruments to in

crease machine up time and equipment reliability.

 Proactively identifying areas of obstruction/breakdowns and taking steps to rectify the equipments t

hrough application of trouble shooting tools.

 Executing cost saving and energy saving techniques/ measures and modifications to achieve substant

ial reduction in O&M expenditures and work within the budget.

Work Experience

 Sabbatical Break                                                                                                            
Dec 2015 to Till Date

 Pursuing Business interest as a Self Employed, Freelancer as Electrical Contractor.

Aggreko UK Ltd, JAFZA-Dubai, UAE
Designation: Electrician (E2)-Global Rotator

Mar 2012 To Dec 2015 

“Aggreko  plc is a supplier of temporary  power  generation equipment and  of temperature  control equipment. It  is  headquartered  in Glasgow,
Scotland, United Kingdom. Aggreko was founded in the Netherlands by Luc Koopman in 1962.  Aggreko's International Projects business operates
out of Dubai from where they can supply power-plants to overseas locations.”

Roles & Responsibilities:-

 Install and repair wiring, electrical fixtures, power equipment, and components of machinery and 
equipment following electrical code, manuals, specifications, schematics, and single line diagrams.

 Install and repair control and distribution apparatus, including motors, relays, switches, circuit breaker and 

MCC Synchronisation and ATS panels, etc.

 Power plant Generator controllers – GEMPAC, SELCO, DEEPSEA (DSE) and POWERWIZARD 1, 2.
 Familiar with DGs AVR, CDVR, exciter, PMG, alternators, charging dynamos.
 Install and connect power supply wiring, cables, conduit, and electrical apparatus for machines and 

equipment in new and existing facilities following diagrams, schematics, or line diagrams.
 Installation, layout of glanding, wiring termination, loop checking switchgears, Transformers, 

motors, controllers and automatic transfer switch.

 Performed trouble shooting, preventive maintenance and repair of medium and high voltage transformers, s

witchgears, standby generators, and automatic transfer switch, ups, 12vdc Optima maintenance free 
Batteries, medium voltage motors controllers.

 Well versed with O&M of LV/HV switchgears, GIS, RMU, SF6 CBs, Isolators, fuse switches, protection relay 

systems, AC motors, MCCs, DBs, DOL, star-delta starter’s and associated contactors.

 Fully accountable to perform high voltage switching operations in planned and emergency situations.
 Operation and maintenance Caterpillar electrical power generator such as C32, KTA50, QSKV60 and 

Stamford for Cummins engine.

 Using, maintenance, troubleshooting switchgear and transformer 11KV for electric distribution.
 Repair and recondition small components such as starting motor, alternator, etc.
 Operation, service, and maintenance Caterpillar, Olympian, Stamford, Perkins and Cummins large diesel 

power generators.

 Ability to work independently with minimum supervision.

Resume of K. Henry Joseph

1 | P a g e

 Fault finding and troubleshooting for electrical appliances and protection system.
 Maintenance and using Power Transformer for electric distribution 11MW power production.
 CT, PT, NET/NER and distribution Transformers up to 6.3MVA and all protection relays with control, alarm, 

metering test and calibrate as per given standards. 

 Performs work requiring a thorough knowledge of electrical theory and principles, statutory codes, 

properties of materials and principles of operation of electrical equipment. Starts up and shuts down 
equipment in accordance with company safety procedures for machine activation and shutdown and in line 
with Safety requirements.

 Familiar with HSE, PTW, LOTO, 5S, Best Operating Procedure, LOA, IEEE systems.
 Spliced wires and soldered connections to fixtures, outlets and equipment. Tested circuit connections using 

electrical test equipment. 

PROJECTS

Project Details

Sur-Oman Opwp 77mw Power Generation
Halul Island-Doha Qatar Offshore 6.5mw Power 
Generation

Client

Oman Electricity

Qatar Petroleum

Year
2012

2013

Exigo data services, Trichy, India
Designation: Service Engineer

July 2011 to March 2012

“Exigo promises to deliver innovative and value added business Process management services across the end customer life cycle.
Specialized   in   backend   Transaction   processing   services   and   Software   Development   (web,   e-Commerce,   applications   and
database.”

Roles & Responsibilities:-

 Performed full range of operation and maintenance; to include but not limited to; scheduled and 
unscheduled; installations, decommissioning, inspections, analysis, troubleshooting, and repairs.

 Perform monthly PMCSs of all batteries and UPS systems, to include bringing UPS systems on line (load) and 

taking precise measurements validating operational readiness.

 Provides equipment-operating assistance to users and technical assistance upon request.
 Maintains accountability and serviceability of assigned assets and equipment to include calibration. 
 Plan, prepare and perform preventive and corrective maintenance work at office premises.

 

Leighton Contracting Co LLC, Abu Dhabi, UAE
Designation: Industrial Electrician

                                                Dec 2008 To May 2011

“The Habtoor Leighton Group (HLG) is one of the leading diversified international contractors in the Middle East.  HLG is part of
the CIMIC Group, Australia’s largest project development and contracting group with annual revenues exceeding US$24 billion.
The CIMIC Group’s major shareholder is HOCHTIEF AG, the world’s largest international contractor.” 

Roles & Responsibilities:-

 Fully Responsible to Assemble, install, test, and maintain electrical or electronic wiring, equipment, 

appliances, apparatus, and fixtures, using hand tools and power tools.

 Diagnose malfunctioning systems, apparatus, and components, using test equipment and hand tools, to 

locate the cause of a breakdown and correct the problem.

 Fully responsible for connect wires to circuit breakers, transformers, or other components.

Inspect electrical systems, equipment, and components to identify hazards, defects, and the need for 
adjustment or repair, and to ensure compliance with codes.

 Troubleshooting of welding transformers, booster pumps, submersible pumps, potable water pumps, 

portable power hand tools and variable speed drives relays, ct, pt and magnetic brakes.

 Carryout planned and breakdown maintenance on electrical systems as per company’s Best Operating 

                                                               Mar 2007 to Dec 2008

Procedures.

First Source Solutions (BPO), Trichy, India
Designation: Customer Support Associate

Emirates Neon Co LLC, Sharjah, UAE
Designation: Team Leader

Naga Limited-Foods, Trichy, India
Designation: Shift In Charge

 TRAINING COMPLETION CERTIFICATIONS

   Oct 2003 to Sep 2006

 Aug 1999 to Oct 2003

Certification

License Details

Location

Valid Till

 Gas Site Safety Passport

15/176811

UK

Aug 2018

Company
Name
Logic Certification

Resume of K. Henry Joseph

2 | P a g e

 Certificate Of Cummins Qskv60 

Aggreko

Gas Tech Level-2

 Cummins Insite Qualification

Cummins

 Confined Space Entry & Gas 

Eurolink Safety

Testing Awareness

 Emergency First Aid At Work 

Eurolink Safety

197932/515721/706385

NA

1051243

108717

UAE

UAE

UAE

UAE

UAE

NA

August 2018

September 2017

September 2018

September 2017

Eurolink Safety

108723

Venture Gulf
Training Centre

5146519504071309367

QATAR

July 2017

 Level 1 Fire Safety & Fire 
Prevention Training

 Helicopter Under Water Escape 

(Dcas)

Training

EDUCATION CREDENTIAL

Degree
DCA(Diploma in Computer Applications)
CAE(Certified Automation Engineering)
ITI (Industrial Trade Certificate) ELECTRICIAN
HSC (General Machinist)
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating System
Office Packages

CORE COMPETENCIES

Institution
CCI Computer Education-Trichy
Technocrat automation-Chennai
Don Bosco ITI Manakkal-Lalgudi
St.Joseph’s HSS Trichy

Year
2016
2011
1999
1995

Windows XP, 7, 8, 9x / Vista/Mac Os x
MS Office, MSDOS

 Professional, Growth Oriented, Easy Adaptive and Quick Learner.
 Independent, Responsible, Hardworking and efficient in analytical complex solving issues.
 An extrovert with very good blending capabilities.
 An absolute team player with good communication skills.
 Ability to deal with a diverse range of cultures and nationalities internationally.
 Highly competent self-motivated, hard-working with the ability to rapidly learn and apply new skills.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Name
Father’s Name
Sex
Nationality
Age

DECLARATION

K. Henry Joseph
A. Kulandai Raj
Male
Indian
38

Languages
Date of Birth
Marital Status
Passport No        
Native Place

Tamil, English, Hindi
31-07-1978
Married
Z3272383/ECNR
Trichy

I (K. Henry Joseph) hereby declare that the above information given by me is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place:   Trichy 
Date:   Jul 17

                           

                                       Yours Sincerely,

             (K. Henry Joseph)

Resume of K. Henry Joseph

3 | P a g e

