CURRICULUM VITAE

NAME: RAKESH KUMAR CHAUDHARY
E- MAIL: rakeshkumar.gkp@gmail.com
MOBILE: +91 9616191206

Objective

To   work   an   organization   where   is   exclusive   environment,   health   competition   and   ample
prospects of professional growth. Where I am exposed to all types of work fields, can enhance
my knowledge and broaden my experience to maximum. In short I just want to be the active part
of development.

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

 Graduate

 Computer Diploma in Capital Computer Education (Hardwar, Networking & MS Office)

 ACS Academy For Computer Studies (ADCA One Year MS Office & OA)

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

 Company Name     
Job Designation     
Job Duration     
  Company Name     
Job Designation     
Job Duration     
 Company Name     
Job Designation     
Job Duration     

: ANGEL BROKING LTD
: Back office Executive
: July 2007 – April 2008
: GLOBE CAPITAL MARKET LTD
: Back office Executive cum Relation Ship Manager
: 12 July 2008 – 31 May 2010
: KAYNET CAPITAL LTD
: Back office Executive (Clerk)
: 15 October 2010 – Till Date

EXPERIANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY

 Collect, count, disburse money, do basic bookkeeping and complete banking transactions.
 Communicate   with   customers,   employees,   and   other   individuals   to   answer   questions,

disseminate or explain information, take order and address complaints.

 Answer telephone, direct calls and take messages.
 Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities business transaction, and other

activities. 

 Complete and mail bills, contract policies, invoices, or checks.
 Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice

mail system and personal computers.

 Compute, record, and proofread data and other information, such as records or reports.

 Maintain and update filing, inventory, mailing, and database systems, either manually or

using a computer.

 Open, sort and route incoming mail, answer correspondence, and prepare outgoing mail.
 Review files, records, and other documents to obtain information to respond to requests.
 Deliver message and run errands.
 Inventory and order materials, supplies, and services.
 Complete work schedules, manage calendars and arrange appointments.
 Process   and   prepare   documents,   such   as   business   or   government   forms   and   expense

report.

 Monitor and direct the work of lower-level clerks.
 Type, format, proofread and edit correspondence and other documents, from notes or

dictating machines, using computer and typewriters.

 Count, weigh, measure, and/or organize materials.
 Train other staff member to perform work activities, such as using computer applications.
 Prepare meeting agendas, attend meeting, and record and transcribe minutes.
 Troubleshoot   problems   involving   office   equipment,   such   as   computer   hardware   and

software.

 Make travel arrangements for office personnel                     

English, Hindi

Language known

Personal details

Name 
Father Name
Mother Name
Date of Birth
Marital Status 
Sex            
Nationality 
Address     

:  Rakesh Kumar Chaudhary
:  Ram Singhasan Chaudhary
:  Usha Devi
:  18/07/1989
:  Married
:  Male
:  Indian
: Home No.439E Chaksa Husain Pachperwa Gorakhnath Gorakhpur 

Declaration

I hereby assure that the above given information are true to the best of my knowledge and
brief.

     Place: Gorakhpur       

Yours Faithfully

     Date: 

                                                          (RAKESH KUMAR CHAUDHARY)

