Permanent Address:
Vill. Raghauli,Distt Mau, 
Uttar Pradesh INDIA.

Phone- 91-7617810648
E-Mail:
Khan5july@gmail.com

Personal Data:

S/O: Bahauddin Khan

Date of Birth:05th July 
1989 

Gender: Male

Nationality: Indian

Passport 
Number:N1291627

Languages Known:

English, Urdu, Hindi.

Internet Browsing, Bike 
Riding, Traveling and 
Playing Cricket.

SADARUDDIN
(ELECTRICAL ENGINEER)
Career Objective

Seeking  a responsible  career,  position  which will  offer a high  level of
challenge, responsibility and opportunity to combine significantly to the
growth  of the  organization by experience  as an Electrical  Engineer in
leading organization which will offer me professional as well as future
career advancement opportunities 
                

Professional Experience

1. Working as an Electrical Engineer in AL JAWDAH GROUPS 

OF COMPANY, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
        DESIGNATION         : Electrical engineer
        DEPARTMENT         : Maintenance department 
        TANURE                   : Jan 2017 to Jan 2019 

Roles and Responsibilities 

 Designing the Electro-mechanical system related with the 

ceramic & porcelain plant.

 Installation of various machinery inside the plant made by 

SACMI, System Ceramic & B&T-Italy.

 Designing and Calculating the electrical distribution system 

inside the plant.

 Installation of ABB Power Transformer with 2x2.5MVA and 

2x1.5MVA capacity along with 13.8KV ABB switch gear system.

 Designing and Calculation of the required power cables to carry 
the power from transformer to various loads inside the plant.

 Designing and Installation of required cable trenches and 

overhead cable tray.

 Erection and Testing of the installed panels to receive LV power 

from transformers.

 Installation, Glanding and Termination of various Size (35Sqmm 

to 630sqmm) power cable.

 Experience in the panel wiring as per the Schematic drawing 

along with PLC-Omron and VFD-Yascawa.

 Installation of power cables and control cables as per the 

drawing given by SACMI, B&T, System Ceramic and Marpak.

 Termination carried to the various induction Motors, Servo 

Motors, Limit Switches, Electro valves and Different sensors. 

2. Worked as an Engineer in MASINA ALLOYS PVT LTD ,Nasik, 

Maharashtra.

       DESIGNATION            : Electrical engineer.
        DEPARTMENT                     :  Maintenance.
        TENURE                                :  June 2013 to March 2016.

Roles and Responsibilities 

Interests :

capacitor bank.

  Designing and Distribution of various LV Panels along with 

 Calculate the connected load and demand load and design the 

SLD as per the amps rating.

 Design and calculate the required cables and circuit breaker of 

Lighting and power sockets.

 General supervision and inspect the implementations and 

monitoring of all electrical related works at site.

 Installation and commissioning of electrical equipment, panels 

and distribution boards

 Cable laying and termination for electrical systems and HVAC 

systems

 Ensures that all the works done  in accordance with the 

approved construction drawings and project specifications

 Prepares and assigns the resources such as manpower, 

equipment, tools, etc.

 To ensure safety standards and procedures are implemented.

 Enhance the skill and expertise of new team members on all 

equipment, so as to ensure the uptime of the network.

 Review Project with Project team on a regular basis and Report 

to Management 

3. Worked as an Instrument calibration Engineer in EMM TECH 

CALIBRATION PVT LTD Faridabad.
Designation                      : Instrument Calibration Engineer
Department                     : Maintenance
TENURE                            : June 2012 to Feb 2013.

Roles and Responsibilities 

 Maintenance and calibration of pneumatic control valves 
(Blackborough, Copes-Vulcan, Valtek,   Masoneilan) and 
motorized valves   

  Maintenance and calibration of orifice plate flowmeters 

( Rosemount ) 

instruments

  Installation, calibration and loop checking of the field 

 Calibration of Amperes meter and Volt meter.

 Maintenance and calibration of various types of Pressure 

Gauges.

 We have more calibration and maintenance of Electrical 

instruments ,thermal instruments and mechanical instruments

Professional and Technical skills

 Commercial awareness.
 The ability to work well under pressure.
 Problem-solving skills.
 Relevant technical knowledge.
 Good leadership skills.
 IT and Analytical skills    
 Good communication skills

 Can accept responsibility 
 Confident
 Patience
 Keen observer
 Good listener 
 Disciplined and loyal 
 Ability to work in a team and individual environment.

Educational Details

Level of Education : Bachelor of Engg in Electronics & 
Communication
College:                    : BBDIET&RC   Uttar Pradesh
University                : Gautam Buddh Tech University Lucknow 
India
Year of Passing       : 2012

Computer Skills

 
Declaration

 Application Software :  Data Entry, MS Office (Ms-Word, Ms-Excel,

Ms-PowerPoint)

 Operating System : Windows XP, Windows- Vista,7,8,10

I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my 
knowledge.

Place:                                                                                              
SADARUDDIN                                                                                   

                                                                   

