SHAH FAISAL                                                  
E-Mail: shahpromoter@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-7503562451            

PROFILE SUMMARY

Middle level positions in Sales, Business Development, Strategic Planning, Channel
Management, Key Account Management, Marketing with leading organisations

 MBA   (Marketing)   with  5   years  of   experience   in   Sales   Management   &   Marketing,   Business
Development,   Channel,   Key   Account   Management   and   Team   Management   with   well-known
organisations.

 Currently working with Earthempire Realcon Pvt. Ltd. as  Manager – Sales & Marketing.

 A  proactive   planner   with   abilities   in   devising   effective   strategies   for   augmenting   business,

identifying and penetrating new market segments, promoting products for business excellence.

 Demonstrated excellence in successfully executing various promotional projects in the assigned

regions. Proven performer with an excellent track record in sales across assignments. 

 An enterprising leader with strong analytical, problem solving & organisational abilities. 

 Personnel   with   strong   commercial   acumen,   sound   knowledge   and   practical   experience   of

business processes and procedures.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Strategic Planning  :
 Conceptualising & implementing sales, marketing & communication strategies for product lines,

corporate image, etc. to build consumer preference & achieve organisational targets.

 Formulating marketing budgets and ensuring adherence to planned expenses.
 Reviewing the market movement on a regular basis and refurbishing plans if necessary with a

 Strategic Planning for Conversion of Client meeting to direct business of the organization.

view to optimize returns. 

Sales & Marketing  :

 Forecasting periodic sales targets & driving sales initiatives to achieve business goals. Managing

 Conducting   competitor   analysis   by   keeping   abreast   of   market   trends   &   competitor   moves   to

frontline sales team to achieve them. 

achieve market share metrics.

 Implementing promotional activities in coordination with external agencies to spearhead product

launch, brand promotion and event management initiatives. 

 Managing collections to ensure nil outstanding.  

Business Development  :

 Building   and   maintaining   healthy   business   relations   with   major   clientele,   ensuring   maximum

customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & quality norms. 

 Analysing business potential, conceptualising & executing strategies to drive sales, augmenting

turnover and achieving desired targets.

 Monitoring competitor activities and devising effective counter measures.
 Identifying, qualifying and pursuing business opportunities through market surveys and mapping

as per targeted plans as well as through lead generation.

 Managing the gamut of tasks including manpower planning, recruitment, induction and training

 Creating  an environment that sustains and encourage high performance; motivating teams  in

Team Management  :

of Sales Team.

optimising their contribution levels.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

Accountabilities  :

Since Sep 2013 with Earthempire Realcon Pvt. Ltd. Noida as  Manager – Sales & Marketing.

 Leading and motivating a team for the business. 
 Creating   fresh   relationships   with   new   Clients   and   regularly   negotiating   existing   payout

structures to increase profitability. 

 Ensuring profitability, sustaining P&L which is highly profitable both for the company and self.

 Sustaining high growth of sale.

Highlights  :
 Achieved Revenue & Profit Targets by 100% on regular basis.
 Time Attendance which resulted revenue growth.

July 2011 – August 2013 with Green Rebuild Pvt. Ltd. as Manager-Business Development.

Accountabilities  :

to increase profitability.

 Creating fresh relationships with the clients and regularly negotiating existing payout structures

 Increasing sales and continuous book building keeping in mind profitability with cross sell.

Highlights  : 
 Achieved Highest Selling Award.
 Achieved highest selling revenues during the tenure.

                                                     SEMINARS & TRAINING

 Seminar conducted by G L Bajaj Institute Greater Noida on Small & Medium Enterprises.
 Training on comparative study between Easy day & Big Bazar. 
 Training on Service provided by salesman of Coca-Cola to the Retailer in Muzaffarnagar.

SCHOLASTICS

Master of Business Administration
          (2012)

Uttar Pradesh Technical University Lucknow

Bachelor of Business Administration 

CCS University Meerut      

(2007)

PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth
Address
Linguistic Abilities  :     English, Hindi Urdu & Arabic

     :   02nd January 1991
     : 

B 7, Abul Fazal Enclave, Jamia Nagar, Okhla, New Delhi – 110025

