JITENDRA KUMAR GUPTA
C/o TPS Raghav, H.no-1678
Gali no -3, Old Delhi road
Gurgaon (Harayana)
Mob No: 08287263933
jitendra72k@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To pursue a professional career in an organization where I can constantly grow within the 
company, acquire specific skills at each level and give my best efforts to work for overall 
stability and prosperity of the company.

ACADEMIA

 

 Passed B.Tech (EEE), from Graphic Era University with an aggregate 

of 75.66%   in the year 2012.

 Passed class XII from CBSE board with an aggregate of 79.6%  in the 

 Passed class X from CBSE board with an aggregate of 79.4%  in the 

year  2008.

year  2006.

SUMMER TRAINING EXPERIENCE
Project Title: Hydro Power Plant
Organisation: Khodri hydro power plant. (UJVNL)
Designation: Trainee
Period: 6 weeks

Key   Learnings:  Electricity   generation   in   a   hydro   power   plant,   its   transformation   and
distribution.

PROJECT UNDERTAKEN

Project Title: Solar and electricity powered inverter
Description: Design of an inverter which charges its battery with AC mains as well as solar
energy.

COMPUTER SKILLS

Basic: Ms Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Operating System: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/Seven

WORKING EXPERIENCED

                 

Since June 2015 to till date. I experienced with JLL as a Engineer (Electrical) 

 Supervises activities pertaining to all soft services and engineering services.
 Coordinates with Helpdesk for timely resolution of requests / complaints.
 Generates periodical MIS reports as required by the Client.
 Co-ordinates with Annual Maintenance Contract (AMC) service providers for regular

& break down maintenance activities.

 Coordinates with In-house team and service provider for equipment PPM.
 Updates PPM schedules and maintain PPM records in designated files.
 Ensures all the AMC equipment’s mentioned in report. Are serviced on time and

 Regularly   reviews   with   Client   -   and   Operation   Manager   and   highlights   any

service report forwarded to Client.

operational discrepancies if any.

 Ensures that team members/ vendors meet all safety guidelines/ requirements.
 Maintains all service records and test certificates 
 Analyses/ Recommends solutions on the complaints. 

 June 2012 to June 2015. I experienced with EFS Facility LTD as a GET & Shift 
engineer (Electrical) in different site. 

Since May 2014 to June 2015 at DELL International Sec-43.

Since June 2012 to May 2014 at Niltech Site Bharti Airtel

The main work is to maintain the Building Electrical and other type of equipment.

 Operation and Maintenance knowledge of DG & HVAC Plant.
 Operation and Maintenance of different circuit breaker & Transformer (2500KVA).
 Operation and Maintenance knowledge of UPS.
 Operation and Maintenance of fire detection system.
 Operation and Maintenance knowledge of STP and WTP.
 Knowledge of BMS.
 Knowledge of Fire Extinguisher.
 Operation and Maintenance knowledge of Lift
 Knowledge of Hydro Power generation (120MW), Feeder (220KV) and distribution

(33KV).

 Knowledge of Electrical equipment use in Power distribution. (33kv) 

 Enterprising leader with a solid record of contributions that streamlined operations 

and enhanced internal controls. 

 Directed cross-functional teams using interactive and motivational leadership. 

 Knowledge of Standards ,SOP, All types of Permits and LOTO Procedure.

 Maintain all records like all Compliance , daily report ,calibration certificate , billing 

etc.

                 

HOBBIES
 
 Playing cricket
 Listening to music
 Writing poems

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

 Participated in school level drama and received applauds.
 Participated in 1500 metre race and won silver medal under district school level.
 Member of discipline committee in college fest.

KEY SKILLS/STRENGTH

 Hardworking and punctual.
 Ability to work in a team.
 Good learning skills.
 Good computer literacy skills.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth: 24-03-1990
Father’s Name: Bairistar Gupta
Languages Known: English, Hindi
Permanent Address: Vill- MathiyaMahabal
                                PO- Mahuapatan
                                Dist- Deoria , Uttar Pradesh (India)

Date:
Place:                                                                                     (JITENDRA KUMAR GUPTA)

                 

