RESUME
Chinmaya Kumar Kund

Email: kundchinmaya@gmail.com
 M0BILE NO: +91 9902760235
         
          
 
            
 
            
 
            
 
 
Objective:
To   secure   a   promising   position   that   provides   me   a   good   opportunity   to
efficiently utilize my skills and for my professional growth.

 
            
 

 
            

 
            

 
            

 
            

 
            

 
            

 
            

Summary of Qualifications:

Academic Qualifications:

EDUCATION

BOARD/UNIVERSITY

SUBJECT

Degree

Utkal University  Odisha

Intermediate

Matriculation
s

Council of Higher 
Secondary Education 
Odisha
Board of Secondary 
Education Odisha

Bachelor of
Commerce

Bachelor of
Commerce

YEAR OF
PASSING

Apr-2004

Mar-2001

All subjects

Mar-1999

Professional Qualifications:

 I have completed DCA (Diploma in Computer Application) 

From A To Z Professional Technical Institute. 
 Also complete   Accounting Package TALLY ERP.

 Computer Skills:

 Microsoft Office, Word, Excel & Power point.
 Tally 7.2, Tally 9.0, 
 Internal mail system.

Work Experience:

 Presently Working Fawaz Refrigeration Air conditioning Co.W.L.L as Secretary 

cum Accounts from Kuwait 13 April 2014 to till date. 

 Worked in with M/s Holm KK Extrusions PVT.LTD as an Accountant from 01st 

March 2013 to 7th April 2014. 

 Worked in M/s Rathi Adshive Tape (P) LTD as an Accountant from 10th 

February 2008 to 20 December 2012.

 Worked in OASIS INDUSTRIES (P) LTD as an Accounts asst. from 18th February 

2006 to 20 August 2008. 

Job Responsibilities:

 Preparing   site   status   report   on   monthly   basis   to   Ministry   of   Health.

(Farwaniya Hospital Site). 

 Preparing various work schedules on monthly basis for HVAC, Plumbing, and
Electrical & Civil works to be carried out by related technical departments.

 Preparing memos & letters to Ministry & Head Office.
 Send and receive the faxes & e-mails & replying in co-ordination with Site

Manager.

department.

employees. 

 Making timesheet using ERP system (FOCUS) for 150 staff working at site

(Farwaniya Hospital Site)

 Prepare the annual leave schedule for all employees & co-ordinate with HR

 Arrangements   for   Medical   and   Fingerprint   to   the   newly   appointed

 Co-ordinate with HR & Management for employee queries & complaints.
 Updating & maintain the holiday, absence & training records of staffs.
 Updating, processing & filing of all documents related to the site.
 Prepare the material request for some consumable items & follow up with

purchase orders & tracking the materials.

 Maintaining the site petty cash & forwarding to finance department for re-

imbursement cash payment.

 Quantity surveying for received materials at site office.
 Having   a   good   communication   skill   and   soft   spoken   approach   with

everyone.

Current Job Responsibilities (Accounts)

 Prepare all type of Vouchers and posting on computer.

 Reconcile the Bank & Analysis the Creditors & Cheque Preparing. 

 Reconciliation of Party’s A/c, 

 Preparing & Checking the Debit Note, Credit Note & Traveling Bill.

 Prepare the details of Sales Tax requisition (‘C’ form, Form-38, Form).

 Maintaining Day Book.

 Prepare Sale Tax Return file.

 Prepare Excise Return file on line.

 Preparing Excise Bill.

 Voucher Entry, Cash Book, and Bank work.

Personal Skills & Managements:

 Self-Motivated, Team working & Interpersonal Skills
 Organizing Skills
 Positive thinking and Hardworking
 Effective Communications skills

Personal Details:

 Date of Birth                 :    04.07.1984
 Father’s Name              :    Akshay Kumar Kund
 Marital status               :    Married 
 Languages Known      :   English, Hindi, Odia
 Nationality                   :    Indian
 Sex                                 :     Male
 Passport No.
:    M5450842
 Passport Issue
 Passport Expire

:    05/02/2015

:    04/02/2025

DECLARATION:   -   I   hereby   declare   that   the   above   information   is   correct,   true   &
complete from best knowledge. If given a chance, I assure that I will assume my all
abilities for the satisfaction of my senior & management.

Yours truly,
                                                                        
Chinmaya Kund

