HIMANSHU SHARMA

    

                                          

E-mail: himanshusharma4200@gmail.com          
Tel:+919467050962

Career Objective

Seeking for a career opportunity to utilize my mechanical trainings and skills 
and provide significant contribution to the success of my employer 
effectively. Willingness to work hard in a challenging environment with a 
purpose of growth, knowledge and creativity, in order to achieve 
organizational goals.  

Technical and personal skills

 

 Good knowledge of CAD/CAM
 Good knowledge of CNC machining & Programming
 Completed course on AutoCAD with 2D Modelling
 3 Months Full time Training on Unigraphics NX
 Expertise in all editions of windows & MS Office

Academic Qualification

 B.TECH (MECHANICAL) with 66% marks from Institute Advance 

Institute Of Technology & Management, University MDU

 Diploma in Unigraphics NX 8.5 & AutoCAD 2013 from Mitsu cad 

centre

Academic Project

Team size: 4
Title: Productivity improvement of Adour engine housing Assembly 
High speed Gear Box
Duration: 2 month.
Description: In manufacturing process of Front and Rear Gearbox under 
goes 40 critical operations. The Cycle time for machining parts is high and 
rejection rate also more, this will affects the performance and cost of the 
engine. By studying the existing manufacturing process and coming up with 
suitable methods to reduce the Cycle time and Rejection rate and improve 
the productivity and quality of the parts.

Team size: 5
Title: Electricity generation by speed breaker
Duration: 2 month
Description: This project works for the utilizing the kinetic energy of a 
running vehicle. The kinetic energy (i.e. mechanical energy) is converted into

electrical energy (i.e. electricity) by using dynamo. This electricity is stored in
the battery bank and use for various purposes.

Team Size:2
Title: Productivity improvement of Hose  in assembly line (Imperial 
auto industries ltd.)
Description: Detailed study  of Hydraulic hose and fitting & productivity to 
be increased  to meet customer demand 

Vocational Trainings

Successfully completed vocational training with
Victora Tool Engineers Pvt. Ltd,Faridabad from  01 July 2013  to 10 
August  2013
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited(HAL),Bangalore from 01 July 2014 to 
09 August 2014
Imperial Auto Industries Ltd,Faridabad from 04 Jan 2015 to 10  June 
2015

Extra Curricular Activities

 Participated in cultural activities in school level and college level
 Taken initiative and supported Blood donation camp held at our college.

 

Strength

 Ability to work in a team & Individual environment.
 Good Communication skills.
 Problem solving skills.
 Organizational skills.
 Disciplined and loyal.

Personal Profile

                  Name                                     :    Himanshu Sharma

                       Father’s Name                       :    Raja Ram Sharma

                       Date Of Birth                        :    10-Oct-1993

                       Sex   

                                     :    Male

                       Marital status                         :    Single

                       Address

                       :    H.No. -285,block-C,SGM NAGAR,

                                                                       Faridabad (Haryana)

                        I hereby declare that the details mentioned above are true to the best of 

Declaration

my knowledge.

            

      

                 Date:     /    /2015                                                                                                

Himanshu Sharma

