CURRICULUM   VITAE

Dinesh Kumar Shukla                                                                                   
Add- B-11 Gali No.2 Vikas Nagar Uttam Nagar New Delhi. 
Cell: +91-8802571278, 7503747234
E-Mail:- dshukla56@gmail.com

Summary:- 
I am a Management Information System Professional with a good knowledge of multiple Tools & 
Technology. I always try to utilize the knowledge acquired during my studies and work Experience in 
a true work environment and obtain greater experience through practice. I possess some good 
knowledge of- Data analysis and Reporting, Management Information System (MIS), Internet 
Research, Data Analysis, Data Formatting and Reporting etc.
Employment Summary:-

Knight Watch Security LTD.

 Time Period: - August 2014. To till now.
 Location: - Tata Power Delhi Distribution LTD Pitampura New Delhi.
 Designation: - Supervisor (MIS)
 Main Responsibility:-
o Take Report From Patrolling Inspector & Make MIS.
o Stationary Demand of the Post
o Transformer Report Like Burnt, Stolen, None Welded, Oil Leakage.
o Tyco Box Report Like Burnt, Theft.
o To keep the material on the racks, pallets and almirah as per location wise.
o To keep the material on the racks, pallets and almirah as per location wise.
o To maintain the material stock position according to the requirement of production.
o To receive the components and keep it current and correct stock position 

according to validity.

o S/STN. Report like Locked, Unlocked OR Civil Work Requirement.
o Make Report on EXCEL Day to Day, Fortnightly, Monthly & Mail to HOG.

                            Make MIS Report of All Agencies & Mail to HOG.
                           
Premier Shield PVT. LTD.

 Time Period:-March 2011 to July 2014.
 Location: - Tata Power Delhi Distribution LTD New Delhi.
 Designation: -Store Keeper/(MIS) 
 Main Responsibility:-
o To search out the material according to stock no. and cleaning.
o To keep the material on the racks, pallets and almirah as per location wise.
o To issue receive the materials.
o Personal verification of articles, placing of orders, prepare stock position notes, 
inspection of delivered material by the supplier and the maintenance of different 
requisites of indent and receipt materials, and data entry error correction in the 
central store computer room etc.

o To manage staff under my control and attend the daily meetings

o The function of store is to store the access components to protect bin from damage

o To maintain the material stock position according to the requirement of production.
o To receive the components and keep it current and correct stock position 

and dust

according to validity.

Profile Summary:- 

 Extensive usage of MS Excel Formula’s. Such as- Filter/Sorting & Pivot Table.
 Generate and accurate timely reports for analysis.
 Generating & maintaining day to day MIS Data and updating the management.
 Typing Speed 30 WPM (Average) and Accuracy 98% (Average).

Technical Qualification:-

 HT1VT (Software Engineering) 1 & ½ year Diploma. From NIIT Rajouri Garden 

Center.
Info Edge (MS OFFICE) From NIIT Rajouri Garden Center.



Educational Qualification:-

 Bachelor degree in BSC-IT. From Karnataka State open University (Mysore).
 12th From UP Board.
 10th From MP Board.

Areas of Interest:-

 MIS Executive.
 Database Executive.

Strengths:-

 Flexibility, problem solving abilities.
 Cool mind working.

Passport Details:- 

 Name:-       Dinesh Kumar Shukla
 Number:-    M3317893
 Exp. Date:- 18/11/2024  

Personal Details:--

           :   10th AUG. 1987

Name                            :   Dinesh Kumar Shukla
Father’s Name              :   Sh. Sitaram Shukla
Date of Birth
Religion                       :   Hindu.
           :   Indian.
Nationality
           :   Single.
Marital Status
Sex
           :   Male.
Language                      :   Hindi & English

Declaration: -

I hereby declare that the foregoing information is correct and complete to the best of
my knowledge and belief that I am in procession of the Documents include of 
claims Made in this curriculum vitae.

Date:
                                                                                                                         (Dinesh Kumar Shukla)

Place:  New Delhi.                                                                                                                                     

    

