Parvez Hussain
Gurgaon, Haryana
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Parvez-Hussain/c83a278d0af3dbc3

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE SUMMARY 
 
I am a dynamic and self-motivated professional with 4.5 Years of diverse experience in tool
configuration, creation of scripts, 
running scripts, tool testing, Web Testing and Project management .I have experience in Tool
configuring, Requirement analysis, 
Database management, project management, project planning, executing, Monitoring and closing of
major and minor projects. 
Also have a vast experience in identification, analysis & resolution of both pro-active & reactive
bottlenecks of process flow. I 
possess good organizational skills with proven abilities in team management, client relationship
management & effective crisis 
management. 
 
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS 
 
Setup Configuration Specialist - AON Hewitt 
 
➢ Implementation and Configuration work as developer, Prepairing scripts, Running Scripts on DBMS
environments, bug 
fixing, worked on AM360 tool. 
➢ Created and executed test plans, cases and scripts to uncover, identify and document software
problems and their 
causes. 
➢ Analysis of client requirement. 
➢ Good understanding of SDLC & STLC, Agile (Scrum) process. 
➢ Documented software defects using bug tracking system and reported defects involving program
functionality, 
output, online screen and content to software developers. 
➢ Hands on Experience in JIRA, SQL, Eclipse Tool, Black Box Testing. 
➢ Cohesive team worker, having strong analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills. 
➢ Working on daily deliverable work to the client. 
➢ Enhanced the performance of the team by implementing Best Practices and maintaining pace with
the current 
technological change and development. Awarded with Unmatched Team Award(Gold Award) for the
same. 
 
Client Implementation Associate - Guardian India 
 
➢ Management of Management Software. 
➢ Successfully accomplished rollout of Absence Management Software -''360ASP'' in Guardian India
for 

maintaining tracking of employee benefits. 
o Served as a lead for 360ASP as Issue Resolution team. 
o benefit analysis of 360ASP and examined estimated no. of users in Delhivery for actually using it
and 
resolved different issue on an organization level. 
o Got to work on SQL for fetching out employees of clients.

Work Experience

developer
FMC
March 2015 to October 2018

Tracking changes and enhancements of similar products and services.
➢ Performed Unit and Integration testing.
➢ Prepared weekly reports and bug Report.

Client Name: - Johnson & Johnson (United States & Puerto Rico)

Role & Responsibility:
➢ Dev work and bug fixing, Prepaire scripts, identify and document software problems and their causes.
➢ Analysis of client requirement.
➢ Bug fixing and unit testing.

Client Name: - NISSAN
Role & Responsibility:
➢ Configured Correspondence (Using HTML, Java - Eclipse, SSH secure Shell).
➢ Performed Unit Testing, Acceptance Testing, Integration Testing)
➢ Also worked on Plans Configuration (provided by the respective Clients and their testing)

Education

CBSE in Board
Rawal Convent School Ballabgarh
2011

CBSE in Board
High school standard - Palwal, Haryana
2009

Skills / IT Skills

• SQL-Advance Query Tool

• HTML and XML scripts

• Ecllipse and Jira

• General Software- MS-Office (MS-Project Planning, MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-Power Point).

• White box testing, Unit Testing, Black box testing, Functional Testing etc.

• Software Development Methodologies

• Software Testing

• Defect/Bug Tracking(JIRA)/tfs

• Functional Requirements

• Scripting & Documentation

• HTML5

• SQL

• Agile

Languages

• Hindi - Native
• English - Expert
• Urdu - Intermediate
• Arabic - Beginner

