Prakash Vadalia
Ahmedabad, Gujarat
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Prakash-Vadalia/c228a4ae6b6dd2db

8+ years of software development experience with M.C.A (Master of Computer Application), having 8
years of experience as ASP.Net, MVC, Angular 8/11, Angular Js, C#.Net & VB.Net, Entity Framework,
LINQ, SQL Server 2008/2012/2017/2019.

Work Experience

Sr. Web Developer
Eonian Software Solution Pvt. Ltd - Ahmedabad, Gujarat
June 2020 to Present

Project: Smart Archive
SmartArchive is a media archiving system build for Champions hockey league. It allows the league and
its clubs to archive videos and images at the end of each season.

Responsibilities:
● Develop angular page.
● Develop API and Service.
● Implemented business logic into C#.
● Created stored procedures, functions, triggers, views, queries and database design.
●  Used  LINQ  for  data  retrieving,  querying,  storage,  manipulation  and  for  achieving  disconnected
database connectivity.

Environment: Angular 8, Metronic Theme, ASP.NET WebAPI, SQL Server 2019, Entity Framework 6, LINQ.

Project: Highlight Videos
Highlight Videos is a web application where user create high light video, scene from video.

Responsibilities:
● Develop angular pages.
● Develop API and Service.
● Implemented business logic into C#.
● Created stored procedures, functions, triggers, views, queries and database design.
●  Used  LINQ  for  data  retrieving,  querying,  storage,  manipulation  and  for  achieving  disconnected
database connectivity.

Environment: Angular 11, Metronic Theme, ASP.NET Core 2 WebAPI, SQL Server 2019, Entity Framework
6, LINQ.

Sr. Web Developer
Aon Software Solution Pvt. Ltd - Ahmedabad, Gujarat
January 2016 to March 2020

Project: PSTV (Process Safety TV)

Process  Safety  TV®  is  a  24/7  live  and  on-demand  digital  video  streaming  platform  for  professionals,
public bodies,
universities  and  organizations  whose  lives  are  influenced  by  process  Safety.  View,  share  and  discuss
Safety worldwide on a
secure platform.

Responsibilities:
● Designed and developed four basic modules of Back-Office: User Registration, Live Broadcast, Channel
and Reports.
● Web based application development, testing and deployment using ASP.Net, C#, MVC pattern etc.
● Used Wowza streaming and JW Player for broadcasting and uploading video.
● Used AJAX and J-Query for validation and asynchronous calling.
● Written stored procedures, view and function using SQL SERVER 2017.
Environment: ASP.Net 4.5, Web Forms, C# (MVC).
Reference Site: http://process-safety.tv

Project: WIP (Working in Progress)
Work in Progress (WIP) is web application which is provided 360° Visibility of business and resources,
Project
Management System (PMS), Bug Tracking, Time Tracking, Invoicing, Billing & Expense Reimbursement,
Sales & Marketing, Service Tracking, Enterprise Content Management (ECM), IT Consulting, Accounting
& Bookkeeping and HR
&  Crop  Intranet,  Collaborative  Corporate  Address  Book,  Live  Feeds,  Chat,  Notifications  &  Emails
Integrations,
FlowRocket Drive, Workflow and Approvals etc.

Responsibilities:
● Involved in Analysis and Technical Design.
● Implemented business logic into C#.
● Created stored procedures, functions, triggers, views, queries and database design.
●  Used  LINQ  for  data  retrieving,  querying,  storage,  manipulation  and  for  achieving  disconnected
database connectivity.
● Involved in SQL Server performance fine tuning.
● Design and code review.
● Developed and used JavaScript for client-side validation.
● Developed and used Ajax for calling server-side objects from client side.
● Supporting existing application.
● Weekly status report to client.

Environment: C#.Net, WCF, .Net 3.5, .Net 4.0, Net 4.5, SQL Server 2008/2017, Java Script, J-Query, AJAX,
HTML, LINQ.
Reference Site: https://flowrocket.com

Project: IOVENT
IOVENT is a chemical base industry project. It is fully automated web application where user calculates
and set unit for
whole process of industry life cycle. Example, valve pressure, Fire schedule etc. Development of heat
and material balances, for existing operations.

Responsibilities:
● Developed basic modules of Back-Office: Relief Device Calculator, Tube Failure, Control valve Pressure,
Fire
schedule and emergency alert Etc.
● Web based application development, testing and deployment using ASP.NET C# MVC pattern, Angular
Js etc.
● Design review and code review.
● Used J-Query for client-side validation.
● Developed and used Ajax for asynchronous calling.
● Weekly status report to client.
● Written stored procedures and function using SQL in SQL SERVER 2008.

Environment: ASP.Net 4.5, Web Forms, C# (MVC), Angular Js.
Project: IoAuditor
Responsibilities:
● Designed and developed Win Forms.
● Manage upload and download excel audit file by web-services.

Environment: ASP.Net 4.0, Win Forms, C# (MVC)
Project: Window Service
Responsibilities:
● Developed Email and Io-Communication services.
● Developed services of Doc, xml and tiff file convert to PDF file.

Environment: Asp.net 4.0/4.5, C#, MVC

Jr. Web Developer
VizgroTech Pvt Ltd - Ahmedabad, Gujarat
November 2013 to December 2015

Project: Slcharting
SL Charting delivers the best practical mechanism and platform to explore & interpret the market. It's
offer live rates of MCX, NSE, MCX-SX & COMEX for Technical Analysis purpose to traders and brokers
of distinctive Markets.
Responsibilities:
● This site is build using vb.net three tier architecture.
● This website is used for Live Trading, Client Registration, contacts and email supports. It also provides
facility of Live
Chat with service Desk for solving customer queries.
● Involved in development/Testing/Production Support for the whole application.
● Creating the complete database structure and design.
● Preparing the required code changes with respect to SQL server 2008 and changing codes specific
to the requirement
and standardizing the code.
● Using JavaScript and jQuery.

Environment: ASP.Net 4.0, Web Forms, C# (3-tier)
Reference Site: http://slcharting.in

M.C.A.
Shri Brahmanand Institute of Management and Computer Science - Gujarat, IN

• Asp.Net, C# .Net, VB .Net, MVC5, MVC4, MVC3 Razor, MVC2, LINQ

• C#. Net, VB.Net, ASP.Net, JavaScript, Angular 8/11

• SQL Server 2019/2014/2012/2008

• HTML5, CSS3, XML, Ajax, JSON, Web API, Service call

• .Net Framework 3, 3.5, 4, 4.5, Entity Framework 4/5/6

Education

Skills / IT Skills

• .Net

• RDBMS

• Version Control

• TFS, GIT, VSS

• Web Technologies

• REST

• MVC

• Web Services

Languages

• English - Fluent

Online Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/prakashvadaliya

