Suraj Vemuri
Bangalore, Karnataka
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Suraj-Vemuri/808eb035c3327939

A career as a professional in a company that lends me a supportive and co-operative environment with
sample chances to contribute and diversify my knowledge and skills and offer me a good potential for
future growth.

Willing to relocate: Anywhere

Personal Details

Date of Birth: 1997-01-17
Eligible to work in: Australia, India, United States
Highest Career Level: 1-2 years experience
Industry: Marketing
Total years of experience: 2

Work Experience

Digital Marketing
5th Floor Media Pvt Ltd. - Bengaluru, Karnataka
February 2021 to Present

Here I used to work on SEO, SMM, Graphic Design & Email Marketing. And coming to my responsibilities.

1. Manage organization’s website
2. Optimize content for the website and social networking channels such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,
Google Plus, etc
3. Track the website traffic flow and provide internal reports regularly
4. Work on SEO of the website pages.
5. Promote company’s product and services in the digital space.
6. Execute social media efforts to improve KPIs, likes, shares, tweets, etc.
7. Creating and executing SMS, and email-based marketing campaigns.

Marketing Executive
metal storage systems pvt ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka
September 2019 to September 2020

As a marketing executive, I'll contribute to and develop integrated marketing campaigns to promote a
product, service, or idea. This a varied role, which includes:
1. Responsible for cold calling and thus finding prospective clients for the company.
2. Responsible to pitch the products to customers directly by meeting various business heads at their
office.
3. Responsible to take the design measurements of the racks if a customer orders the product.

4. Responsible to suggest customers with suitable racks based on their requirements like the look, feel,
and aesthetics.
5. Responsible to deliver the received orders in the company and help in preparing a suitable quotation
and share it with the client

Education

Bachelor's
Bhashyam High School
2013

Skills / IT Skills

• Seo (1 year)

• Graphics Design (1 year)

• Digital Marketing (2 years)

• Marketing

• Photoshop (1 year)

• Illustrator (1 year)

• After Effects (1 year)

• Premiere Pro (1 year)

Languages

• Telugu - Native
• English - Fluent
• Hindi - Intermediate
• Kannada - Intermediate

Projects / Papers Presented

GotIncite
https://gotincite.com/

5thfloor Media
https://5thfloormedia.com/

Edifice CMS
https://edificecms.com/

MACA Supply
https://macasupply.com/

MCoteIndustries
https://www.mcoteindustries.com/

