CURRICULUM VITAE

A.R.MOHAMED ITHRIS

Mobile : +91 – 9600135411

Mail id : ithris88@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE :

continuous growth.

ACQUIRED COMPETENCY :

To pursue a full fledged engineering in Quality and Production system where there is a high

level of learning and which make the best use of my skills and abilities. In turn it is an assurance of

my   sincere,   committed   clinical   execution   and   disposition   of   tasks   towards   mutually   beneficial

 Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 

 Having the knowledge of Quality and Safety.

 Ability  to  research and solve  Quality  &  production  related issues, with strong analytical  and

problem solving skills.

 Trained on Project Management Systems.

 Hands on Experience & Knowledge on supplier selection.

 Trained on APQP / PPAP / FMEA .

 Expertise in problem solving methods to solve the customer complaints through 7QC tools.

CERTIFICATES AND TRAINING :

 Holder of “ NEBOSH IGC-3 ” certificate with DISTINCTION  from NIST , Chennai.

 Holder of “ IOSH MS ” from NIST , Chennai.

KNOWN APPLICATION SOFTWARE & OPERATING SYSTEM:

 MS Office

 AutoCAD

M/s. PONDY HITECH PLASTICS (P) LTD - PONDICHERRY.

Work Experience
Designation

: May 2012 to Till Date
Senior Engineer QC
:

The job involves adhering various quality systems and complying with quality standards along

with maintaining the requisite documents.

Responsibilities:

 Implementing quality systems in the organization. Conducting quality inspection for the child

           

        

requisite standards.

surface blemishes.

on critical path tasks.

reliability.

meet project goals.

parts of all Reynolds Pen models.

   Co-ordinating   TS   audit   in   the   organization   thereby   preparing   relevant   documents   to   the

 Controls include product inspection, where every product is examined visually, Inspectors will

be   provided   with   lists   and   descriptions   of   unacceptable product   defects such   as cracks or

 Drive Engineering, Commercial and Manufacturing activities through launch, with special focus 

 Ensure understanding and mitigation of risks to project timing, product cost, quality and 

 Lead weekly reviews of open projects with the Team, and define actions where required to 

 Corrective Action and Preventive Action (CAPA) is implemented to identify and eliminate causes

of Non-conformities or undesirable actions.

 Report the status of projects to the internal organization, escalating issues through Launch 

 Organize cross-functional reviews of product designs and drawings to ensure design for 

Readiness Review.

manufacture, quality and reliability.

 Lead the hand-over of new products to plant management and operations functions.

 Share experience and best-practice within the Production management team.

 Applying problem solving methods to solve the customer complaints through 7QC tools.

Achievements:

 Handling Customer PPAP audit and making it pass right through the first time.

 Elimination of customer complaint from 7% to 3%.

 Elimination of internal rejection from 5% to 2%.

 Successfully Conducted Quality tests in Reynolds 045 pen, which was an export component for

Thailand.  

M/s. MEENAKSHI MOULDING  PVT LTD  – CHENNAI.

Work Experience
Designation

: October 2010 to November 2011. (1 Year & 1 Month)    
:

Production Supervisor

The job involves supervising the production of injection molded rubber bushes and overseeing

the process in order to achieve production target as per the customer demand with good quality and

without any delay.

Major Customers are Bajaj and Hero Honda.

Responsibilities:

 Study of the production process, and adherence to the same without any deviation.

 Timely rectification of issues rising due to deviation in machine performance.

           

        

 Generating report on the overall performance of Man, Machine & Method for further production 

 Make proper use of math and statistics to model production systems during decision making 

 Actively involved in manufacturing of product and responsible for the improvement of staging 

method in sintering process by understanding the material property and its behaviour. 

planning.

process.

Achievements:

 Reduced the abnormalities of the machine as well as production ethnicity by the formulation of

implementing the total productivity as well as preventive Maintenance.

 By   implementing   TPM   techniques,   achieved   in   increased   productivity   and   decrease   the

wastages.

 Elimination of internal rejection from 8% to 3%.

EDUCATION DETAILS:

Course

Year

Institution

Grade

Remarks

B.E.(Mechanical)

2010

73%

First Class

2006

77.7 %

First Class

Veltech Engineering College ,

Chennai
W.P.A Soundrapandyan

Hr. Sec. School , Chennai
Our Lady of Velanganni

2004

Mat.Hr,Sec,School, ,

71.7%

First Class

HSC

SSLC

PERSONAL PROFILE:

Date of Birth
Age
Marital Status
Languages Known
Passport No.
Notice Period
Present CTC                       

Chennai.

:
:
:
:
:
:
:

23rd May 1988
26 Yrs.
Married
English, Tamil
G7334356
30 days
3 Lakhs and 60 Thousands.

Place : Chennai 

Date :                                                                                                      (A.R.MOHAMED ITHRIS)

           

        

