Respected Sir/Madam,

With profound hope I wish to offer my candidature for a suitable post in your esteemed organization. I 
believe that my qualification will interest you.

If given chance in your esteemed organization I assure that I will do my duties to the best of my abilities 
with your valuable guidance. A positive response would give me an opportunity to exhibit my abilities to 
the fullest.

Enclosed here with a copy of my resume for your kind perusal and consideration.

Thanking You,

Siddique Mohd. Abdus Samad 

           

 Mohd. Abdus Samad 

                          +919137164414
    
                             

          aatifsaamad@gmail.com 

 

           OBJECTIVE

To be a part of an organization where I can grow in terms of knowledge, skills and attitude and put to an 

effective use my analytical abilities, professional competence and previous experience to align self 

development with organizational development.

     PROFILE SUMMARY

 A dedicated and organization oriented professional ,where I may enhance my skills and strength in 
conjunction with the company’s goals and objectives.

        KEY SKILLS

 Maintaining effective client’s coordination. 

 Good communication skills.

 Maintaining & updating records.

 Team Handling.

 Having the ability to prioritize task as well as multitasking. 

 Being Organized.

 Excellent problem- solving and Strong analytical skills.

 Exercise sound, independent judgement within established guidelines 

              EMPLOYERS  &   E X P E R I E N C E

Worked as a Sales  Executive From 1 June  2011  till December 2012 in Inway- Mas Enterprises 

Worked as a Sales Executive From January 2013 till February 2015 in T.S. Traders(Supplier of 







(Car Polishing products).

Construction Materials).

Worked as a Business Development Executive From April 2015 to September 2017 in Vippro 

Enterprises(Contractor of Civil ,Electrical and Supplier of Electrical Products).

  COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE

 Proficient in use of MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel, Power Point).

 Proficient in use of Internet.

               PERSONALITY TRAITS     

 Good communication skills in written and verbal both.

 Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills.

 Strong motivational and leadership skills.

 Ability in working with team as well as individually.

 Ability to produce quality result in pressure situation.

 Strong numerical acumen and having remarkable logical and analytical skills.

 Uses initiatives to develop effective solution to problems.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES HANDLED

   Keeping Healthy Relationship with Clients ,Attending   Conference , Meetings   and Industry

Events.

  Present promote and Sell  Products  to Existing  customers and  Perform Cost Benefit  and needs

Analysis of Existing ,Potential Customers to meet their needs.

   Preparing   Power point Presentations  and Sales Display. Contacting  Clients  to Inform them

about new developments in the Company Products.

  Ensuring to  Deliver High sales  Volume  and Contacting  and  Meeting   the  Government Civil

Departments  Officials  and Private  Firms to   Develop Business Consistently.

  Bringing new line of business and networking and sales collaborations in alien with the existing

portfolio.

 Closing deals follow up   Deliveries by providing supporting Information , Guidance and Follow

up  the Existing  Customers and search  for new  contacts.

  Networking among the Real  Estate  Development  Construction Companies and  Coordinating

Sales  Effort with Team  Members  and others Department.

   Deliver   Samples   to   Construction   Sites   if   Needed   and   follow   up   with   Clients   Design

  Maintaining   Quality   Service by Establishing   and   Enforcing Organization Standard.
   Preparing   Adequate   and   Complete   Supporting   Documentation   for   Submission     in   Tenders,

Requirements.

Quotations and  Proposals.

 Work closely with the other members of the team to help develop a coherent sales strategy and

Monitoring , analyzing market trends and keep up to date market information.

   

EDUCATION

 B.B.A. from IISE COLLEGE-Dr.B.R. Ambedkar University,Agra  in 2011.

 Senior Secondary from Maharashtra  Board  2007.

 Higher Secondary from Maharashtra  Board  2004.

 Pursuing MBA from Heriot Watt University(Online) Student.

        PERSONAL DETAILS     



 Name

 :

  Siddique  Mohd. Abdus Samad 











Father’s Name

 Date of Birth

Nationality

Gender

:

:

:

:

Mohd. Idris Javed 

25th March , 1988

Indian

Male

Address                                    BaBu Bhai Apartment,5flr,Flat no.15,khar 5 Road,Mumbai-52





Marital Status

Language Known

                

:

:

Unmarried

English, Hindi

   DECLARETION

   
       I declare that all the information given in this resume as for my knowledge and belief are correct.

 

   

               

Siddique Mohd. Abdus Samad 

