                                                ARUN  MANNA,   B.TECH. (IT Engineering.), G.C.E.T.T.S

                                                                                                                                                    

                     

RESUME                                            

       
Contact-9062129553/8334052718
       Email – arunlenovo5@gmail.com
       

           Career Objective:

Professional Experience:-

To work in the most challenging position with an organization that provides ample  opportunities to learn 
and to contribute.

1.I had been working  for the long twelve months at Eureka Forbes Limited  as an ERP
Coordinator from 28 march 2016 to 27 march 2017.
2. I have experience for the long one year at BSNL as a Graduate Engineer Trainee
from 16 march 2015 to 15 march 2016.(Selected by BOPT, Eastern Region, Govt. of
India, Dept. of Higher Education with excellent).
3. 1 month at Jubilant Logistics Limited in Warehouse & Supply chain management &
8 month at GRS project as IT engineer.

Certification & Training:-

1.I have completed my final year industrial training from Madura Coats Pvt. Ltd. In
the field of SAP MM part, networking.
2 .My final year project was total energy calculation of a wireless sensor network.
3. Computer basic training ICT-101 from NCVT.

Educational Qualification:-

B.TECH.(IT-Engineering), Government College of Engineering &
Textile Technology,     serampore, & West Bengal University of
Technology with 7.10 out of 10 point scale.
 
Technical Skill:

 Operating System    :   Windows 

 Package :   M.S. Office  , MS Outlook

 Erp web based software management

 Networking

 Software installation

 Sap hcm functional work

 

                                                                             

1. Project Title: ESMS  
Eureka  Forbes Limited, INDIA                                                                       
March’ 2016 to March’ 2017
Designation: :- Retainer-ESMS
Project: ESMS( Euro Sathi Management System )
Discription :- ESMS is an ERP system which include Inventory Module, Sales Module, Indent 
Module , HR    Module,  Customer Complain Management,  Service Module.  EFL implemented ESMS 
system to handle  PAN India business electronically through there business partners.
Domain       IT                                                                                                                                                    
Role             Implementation , Testing  and Operation                                                                                      
Platform             ERP                                                                                                                                         
Technology         SAP                                                                                                                                        
Team Size             12

Responsibilities:  Implement in  West bengal & North East Location                                                              












 ERP Manual Testing like Sanity and Regression  and implementation 
 Found issue and reported to development team . 
 Co-ordinate with Development and deployment Team for fix issue . 
 Data management
 Implementation  of ESMS in Company  business partner location.
 Provide Training to user of ESMS(ERP)  Package. 
 ERP Software Implementation -Inventory Module, Sales Module, Indent
Module , HR Module,  Customer Complain Management,  Service 
Module .



Import and export  many types of report  by 
ESMS System as per requirement

Involved in Requirement Analysis
Involved in the Daily Status Meeting and Prepare daily , weekly and monthly wise many type

Report. 

Environment:  DBMS, ERP System   
Tools: SAP Logon 7.10, BAMPS , 

2.  Job Description at BSNL:
Technology use- SAP logon 7.10
ERP Implementation 
Data management 
Use SAP R/3 Production Module
Use  SAP HCM Module 
Networking, pending fault clearance at clarity software at BSNL
Line testing Trouble shooting of these elements for issue resolution..
 Interaction with Operations team to understand problems, trouble shoot and resolve 
the same independently/in consultation with team/senior authorities.
 Vendor interaction for system management, up gradation, and maintenance 
schedules.

Subject of Interest:

Networking, Cryptography, OS, ERP, Excel, Msword,Powerpoint

Hobbies :

 Playing Computer games. 

 Playing Cricket 

 Net searching

Personal Skills:

  Sincere, flexible and

  hard working nature.

Personal Profile:

           21st  March 1988
           Bhanu Lal Manna

 Date of Birth     
 Father’s Name
 Mother’s Name                      Hasi  Manna
 Sex                                         Male
 Languages Known  
           English, Hindi and Bengali 
 Nationality     
           Indian
 Marital Status                         Single

   

                                                                  

                                         

       I hereby declare that all the information furnished is true to the best of my Knowledge

Place-kolkata
Date :  01.03.2018                                                                                                       Arun Manna                   

