CURRICULUMVITAE 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
RAHUL SHARMA 
D-17, D- Block, Pratap Garden, Bindapur, 
Uttam Nagar, New Delhi  Pin-110059, India 
Contact No.: +91-9716868613 
Email address:  mishucctv@gmail.com 
 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Experienced CCTV Installer with knowledge of all sorts of security system installation needs. Extensive 
knowledge of multiple security systems .Has years of industry experience in installation of CCTV and 
maintenance of installed systems. 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
5 Years of Professional Experience  

CCTV Technician:  

Duties & Responsibilities  

Presently Working with Ivaid Surveillance Pvt. Ltd. As a CCTV Technician since 01th Aug’17- 01 Jul ’2018 

 Work with Mishu Solutions as a CCTV Technician/operator since 01th Aug’14- 01 Jul ’2017 

  Consulted with businesses and homeowners regarding CCTV security system needs. 
  Work in CCTV, VDP, and ADP.  ALARM SYSTEM, EPBAX. 
  Install and commission alarm systems, access control, IP CCTV and intercoms 
  Maintenance and troubleshooting of electronic security devices and systems  
  Manage and maintain existing and new wireless and cabled networks for customers 
  Train and mentor new team members and apprentices 
  Install DTU, Routers, Switches, Node, and any other network equipments 
  To repair and solve any network fault in the customer 
  To ensure certain customers acceptance obtained in the service order update the supervisor and the 

POS system after the installation immediately. 

  To meet the customers before and after the Implementation if it’s needed and to make sure that the 

service is accepted by the customer. 

 

Relevant Skills: 
Electronic Data / installations Knowledge: 

  Excellent in Microsoft Office Program: 
  Good communication and presentation skills. 
  Prior experience as a Security Installer or Service technician 
  Current cabling license 
  Manual drivers' license  
  Queensland Security Installers & Advisors License  
  A working knowledge of using and installing software on servers and workstations 
  troubleshooting and resolving wireless and wired networks 
  MS Word: Excellent skills in editing typing and maintaining documents. 

  PowerPoint presentations: Extra ordinary skills in creating power point presentations. Excellent 

presentation skills. 

  Excel Spreadsheets: Professionally trained in using MS Excel skills. Excellent skills to create and 

maintain Excel sheets on daily basis. 

  Outlook: Very much familiar to use outlook. 

 
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND:  
Core Qualifications 
 

  Understands advancements in technology with CCTV systems. 
  Good knowledge in cabling. 
  Good technical understanding and ability to explain to customers 
  Able to inspect locations to find best installation areas for cameras to be installed 
  Knowledge of multiple types of CCTV systems 
  Has own tools for installation purposes 
  Multiple years of experience in CCTV installation 

 

SR. Secondary Education (12TH ) 
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)) 
DELHI 
2011  

SR. Secondary Education (10TH ) 
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)) 
DELHI 
2009 

Draughtsman Civil (ITI) 
Shahid Rao Tula Ram (ITC) (S.R.T.R.C)) 
DELHI 

I have successfully completed the course of advanced Two year Diploma 
2011-2013 

Advance Diploma In Computer Applications  
G-tech Computer Institute  
1 Year Diploma in Computer Application & Good Knowledge Of Software And Hardware 
2012-2013 

AUTOCAD & 3D MAX  
National Small Industries Corporation (CBSE)) 
6 Month Diploma In AutoCAD & 3d Max 
DELHI 
2013 
 

Relevant Qualifications: 
Languages: 

  English: Fluent in speaking and writing 
  Hindi : Fluent in speaking and writing 

 

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS:- 

  Good communication and presentation skills. 
  Experience with Samsung,CP Plus, Hikvision, Reliance, Paradox, Concept and PA systems 
  IP & TVi ,CVI, AHD, Analog CCTV installation, configuration and management 

STRENGTHS:- 

  Willingness to accept any challenge irrespective of its complexity.  

Good team player and positive attitude.  

PERSONAL INFORMATION: 

  Father’s Name             : 
  Date of Birth   
: 
  Sex 
: 
 
  Marital Status   
:  
  Nationality 
: 
 
  Language Known 
: 

 

Rahul Sharma 
07 Oct, 1991 
Male 
Unmarried  
Indian 
Hindi and English or Punjabi 

DECLARATION 

 

 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my Knowledge and I bear the 
responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 

Date: ____/____/_______ 
Place: _________________  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(RAHUL SHARMA) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

