Anil Paudel                        

Electrical Engineer with 4years Experience  

D.O.B.: 23-Nov-1989 
Nationality: Nepal 
Location: Dang, Nepal 
Mobile: +977 9851172992 
Email: anilpo@gmail.com 
Nepal Passport no: 07057162 

PROFILE 

OBJECTIVE 

EDUCATION 

LANGUAGES 

 

I am an accomplished Electrical engineer with 4 years of experience as a Project Engineer 
(Electrical operation and maintenance Project). I have proven success in organizing; planning 
and executing electrical maintenance task in given time frame. I am searching for an 
opportunity where my experience and skills would be put in use. 

Applying 4 years of Electrical operation and maintenance experience in a reputed organization 
where a culture of freedom and working for initiatives is ensured, facilitating my contribution 
and skills through thoughts and action to the company's target and fulfillment of the 
organization's goal, as well as self development by playing a significant role in building the 
organization's vision. 

Khwopa College of Engineering (Tribhuvan University), Bhaktapur, Nepal 
Bachelor in Electrical Engineering May 2013 

  
English – Excellent reading, writing and speaking (IELTS Overall score: 7) 
Hindi – Excellent reading, writing and speaking 
 

COMPUTER SKILLS 

  Microsoft office package 

  Auto Cad Draft (2D) 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

 

 
 
 

Anil Paudel 

Page 1 of 2 

Electrical Maintenance Engineer (Electrical O&M Project) 
Cosmic Electrical Engineering Associates Pvt. Ltd (2014- Present) 
Cosmic Electrical Engineering Associates Pvt. Ltd. (CEEA), Kathmandu (Nepal), a renowned 
Electrical Contractor.  

I am working as Project Engineer for Electrical operation and maintenance Project representing 
CEEA at B.P. Koirala institute of health Science, Ghopa , Dharan. 

Responsibilities and Role details: 

  Conduct Operation and maintenance of all generators, Auto Mains Failure (AMF) panels, 
Electrical Panels, Sub Panels, Underground (XLPE, PILC) and overhead cables and so on. 

  Maintaining periodical maintenance schedules of Electrical equipment’s like a circuit 

breaker, transformer, generators, motors etc. and executing them. 

  Conduct and maintain safe work place to minimize accidents and avoid surprises. 

  Preparation of the monthly work progress report, salary sheet for the entire team and 

maintain logbook of the work process. 

Electrical Engineer, Rolpa Cement Pvt. Ltd (2013-2014) 
Rolpa Cement Pvt. Ltd is the 500 TPD Cement plant located in Rolpa, Nepal 

Responsibilities and Role details: 

 

Installation & maintenance of Electrical equipment's (Circuit Breakers, OLR, Contractors, 3 
phase Induction motors). 

  Design of Electrical panel board for Distribution system medium voltage (400V) and low 

voltage (220V), and also lightening design. 

  Motor control circuit design for 3 phase Induction motor. 

  Operation and maintenance of DIESEL GENERATOR of 1700*2 KVA 

  Record keeping and managing MIS report. 

 

  

 

 

 

REFERENCE 
 
Mr. Netra B. Khada  
(Chief Engineer of Electrical Engineering Department)  
BP. KOIRALA INSTITUTE OF HEALTH SCIENCE Dharan, Nepal  
netra_70@yahoo.com 
+9779842038951 
 
Mr. Bindu Sagar Shakya  
General Manager  
Rolpa Cement Pvt Ltd Rolpa, Nepal  
bshakya@rolpacement.com  
+9779803481329  

OTHER INTERESTS 

 
Watching Movies, Playing Football, Travelling, Trekking.  
 
 
 

Anil Paudel 

Page 2 of 2 

