MOHD SHOAIB 
Email: mohdshoaib10@gmail.com 
Mobile No. :+91-9891416846 
 
CURRICULUM VITAE 

 
 

 

SUMMARY 

 
  Currently working as an Asst. Manager in HR & Admin Department Q Catalyst – Cost 

& Construction Management Consultant. 

    MBA from JAMIA MILLIA ISLAMIA. 
    Software proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint & Internet Applications. 
    Self-motivated, hardworking and goal-oriented with a high degree of flexibility, creativity,     
      Resourcefulness, commitment and optimism. Conceptually strong with an innovative and   
      Analytical approach to the work with an eye for detail.   

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

 
Seeking a challenging & responsible position in an organization. I want to see myself as successful 
person & to be a part of organization that might help me to earn industry recognition. I desire to 
work with an organization that not only utilize my skills for the growth of the organization, but 
also provide me ample opportunity for my healthy career advancement. 
 

:     Q Catalyst Cost & Construction Management Consultant 
:     Asst. Manager in HR & Admin Department   
:     From 25th Nov 2013 to till now. 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

1.  Company Name   
 
        Designation 
        Duration   
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES:- 
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

Providing when necessary induction material, manuals, employee handbooks and 
standardizes forms/reports  
Handling job portals, head hunting, maintaining excellent database. 
Assisting in sourcing candidates, short listing, screening and scheduling interviews. 
Short listing resumes using internal Database, Job Portal, Job Postings, Head Hunting and 
Networking Sites, Reference etc. 
Coordinating & conducting interviews for selection of best candidates. 
Screening candidates through telephonic and personal interviews. 
Joining formalities. 
Reference check of candidates to ensure their authenticity and relevance. 

 

 

 

 

Responsible for ensuring timely preparation and distribution of salary with the help of 
finance department. 
Administration of time office. Leave & attendance management. Time office 
management, Full & Final settlements of the employees.  
Ensuring required workplace facilities i.e. proper cleanliness, Hygiene and health services, 
employee support services, Facilities Transport, IT & Telecommunication services, 
Building construction, Renovation & maintenance, Vendor development and AMCs, 
safety and security. 
Ensuring harmonious relationship between employer and employee to get optimum 
productivity at workplace.  
 

:     Synergy Property Development Services Pvt. Ltd  
:     Project Coordinator in Procurement Department 
:     From 25th Feb 2012 to 22nd Nov 2013 (18th months) 

2.    Company Name   
 
       Designation 
       Duration   
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES:- 
 
    Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation.  
    Prepare Cost comparatives, Pre-Qualification Chart, Tender Report & making Work   
      Orders of different items. 
    Documentation Control of all construction related documents. 

 
 

 

    Co-ordination with Client & Contractors. 

    Schedule the meetings with Client & Contractors. 

:     Coordinator in HR & Admin Department  
:     From July 2007 to June 2011 (4 Yrs) 

 3.   Company Name  :     Pinnacle Associate Pvt. Ltd  
       Designation 
       Duration   
 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES:- 
 

 

 

 

 

    Managing time office, monitoring leave/attendance records for the purpose of employees. 

    Disbursement of wage, salaries and reconciliation 

    Checking Full and Final Payment 

    Managing daily Administrative Duties, including security, House Keeping, Transport and        

      general maintenance of Building, Plant and Machineries. 

     Ensuring harmonious relationship between employer and employee to get optimum        

       productivity at workplace. 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

QUALIFICATIONS 

    MBA from JAMIA MILLIA ISLAMIA UNIVERSITY, NEW DELHI  

    B.Sc from M.J.P Rohilkhand University Bareilly. 

    12th from M.M Inter College Chandpur Bijnor U.P  

    10th from M.M Inter College Chandpur Bijnor U.P 

  
TECHNICAL SKILLS 

     Operating System  
      Application Software 

: Ms Windows 98/XP/Vista/7 
: Ms Office (Word, Power Point & Excel)  

PERSONAL SKILLS 
     Ability to manage and prioritise multiple tasks and responsibilities while maintaining a  
       high level of quality service and professionalism. 
     The 5 Cs: character, commitment, conviction, courtesy and courage. 
     The 4 Ds: desire, direction, dedication and discipline. 
   Always work with team spirit & have potential to build up a team. 
     Oriented to learn rapidly and grow continuously 

 

 

 

PERSONAL PROFILE 
 
Name   
 
Father’s Name  
 
Date of birth                 
 
Passport No 
 
Gender  
 
Nationality 
Languages Known 
 
Correspondence Address     

 
 
 

DECLARATION 

Mohd Shoaib 
Shabi-Ul Hasan 

: 
: 
:           01-10-1987 
M 6661888 
: 
Male. 
: 
Indian. 
: 
: 
English, Hindi, Urdu. 
:              R-206 20 Futa Road Joga Bai Ext. Zakir Nagar 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Jamia Nagar Okhal New Delhi - 110025 

 
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge and 
belief. 
 
MOHD SHOAIB 
                                                                                                                     DATE...... 

                                                                    PLACE-NEW DELHI 

 

