 

Curriculum Vitae 

 

Nayaz ur Rahman C.I 
India, Chikmagalur 
Karnataka, 577101
Mob :  +91-9591673017 / +91-7975820467
E-mail: nayazrahmannrf@gmail.com 
Skype ID : nayazrahmannrf@gmail.com

PROFILE SNAPSHOT  

 

 

• Detailed   oriented  efficient  and   organized  professional  and  extensive   experience   in

 
• Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to make well

Accounts system.

thought out decisions.

• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

• Highly trustworthy, discreet and ethical.

• Resourceful in the completion of projects, effective at multi-tasking.

CARRER OBJECTIVE 

Expert in all aspects of accounting including Accounts  receivables,  Accounts payables,
payroll in Accounting, bank reconciliation. etc. Bring with me a meticulous approach to
accounting problem solving and attention to finer details of accounts. 

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND 

 10th from  Mountain view High School, Chikmagalur, STATE Board in 2008.

 

Curriculum Vitae 

 12th (PUC) from Mountain view Pre university College, Chikmagalur, Karnataka State

Board in 2010.

 BBM (Marketing) (Bachelor of Business Management) from Mountain View Institute
of Management Studies From Kuvempu university Chikmagalur Karnataka, 2013.

 MBA (Finance) (Master of Business Administration)  from Don Bosco Institution of
Technology   From   Visvesvaraya   Technological   University,   Bangalore,   Karnataka,
2015.

Other Course:  

 Successfully completed  Excel Course in 2014.
 Successfully completed Tally ERP 9 - V.A.T, G.S.T in 2018.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS

MBA PROJECT REPORT

Project Title 
Project Area
Company    
Duration      
Description  

:   A study on “Receivables management”.
:   Finance.
:   Amalgamated Bean Coffee Trading Company Limited.
:   2 Months.
:

 Analyzed the organization financial stability, Liquidity and Prospective growth.
 To find the growth of Receivables, Current assets and total assets in percentage.
 To identify receivables turnover ratio and period.
 To forecast the sales, debtors, Current assets and total assets value.

ACADEMIC ACCOLADES

 Had been a part of national Entrepreneurial network.
 Participated in inter collegiate fest. 
 Active participation in coordinating fest and placement in College.

FUNCTIONAL EXPERTISE 

 
Wells Fargo India Solutions private limited, 

 
  Bangalore, Karnataka, India. 
 

 Accountant  ( April 2016 -  February 2018).

• Maintaining basic accounts, book keeping.

 

•

•

•

•

•

Curriculum Vitae 

• Accounts Practice in software, M S Excel.
•
• Oversaw   bank   Reconciliation   and   Cash   Reconciliation   statement,   cash   collections   &

Perform Daily Accounting Transactions Such as creating & posting vouchers. 

deposits.

• Maintain Accounts receivable and Accounts payables ledgers, checking, verifying and

posting Invoices.
Prepare journal entries & Reconciles general ledgers and subsidiary accounts. 
Prepare   statements   and   updating   Daily   Accounting   Report     and   updating   of   personal
books etc. 

• Checking balance sheet and P&L account.
•

Pays employees by receiving and verifying expense reports and requests for advances;
preparing checks. 
Prepare monthly / Weekly and other periodical financial reports.

• Maintaining of Files such as Tax reports, payroll, insurance policies, expenses reports.
• Checking and verifying appropriate Tax of suppliers and customers (VAT, GST, TDS,

and ESIC).
Follow up of Debtors and creditors.
Protect organizations + value by keeping information confidential.

• Managing and recording of employees expenses report and credit card statements. 
• Making payment to vendors follow up, collection and allocation of payments.
• Monitored   and   reviewed   accounting   and   system   generated   reports   for   accuracy   and

completeness. 

• Manage the filing, storage and security of documents , Respond to inquiries , Manage the

repair and maintenance of computer and office equipment. 

C.N Coffee Trading Co,  Chikmagalur, Karnataka, India. 

 Accountant ( March 2018- May 2018)

• Maintaining basic accounts, book keeping.
• Accounts Practice in Tally ERP 9 software, M S Excel.
•
• Maintain Accounts receivable and Accounts payables ledgers, checking, verifying and

Perform Daily Accounting Transactions Such as creating & posting vouchers. 

•

posting Invoices.
Prepare journal entries & Reconciles general ledgers and subsidiary accounts.  
Follow up, collection and allocation of payments.

•
• Monitored   and   reviewed   accounting   and   system   generated   reports   for   accuracy   and

completeness. 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY & TECHNICAL TRAINING 

      Operating Systems 

:       Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8.

      Office packages                   :       Microsoft Office, M S Excel. Tally ERP 9.

PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Father’s Name
Date of Birth   
     
Nationality 
Gender 
         
Marital Status      
Languages Known 
Passport Number   
Place of Issue       
Date of Expiry      
 
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES 

           :  Imtiyaz Ahmed C.R.

:  10st November, 1992. 
:  Indian. 
:  Male. 
:  Single.
:  English, Hindi, Kannada. 
:  N 4399155.     
:  Bangalore.
:  12th November 202.

• Highly energetic, motivated individual with the ability to adapt any work place.
• An exemplary character and conduct with a high level of dependability and trust. 

 STRENGTH
 
• A   team   builder,   Inter   communication   skill,   Fast   learner   and   flexible   with   times   and

environment. 

• Reference and testimonials  should be provided as on the demand. 

