Pradeep Kumar 

Contact No. :  +91-9999351902 
E-Mail           :   er.pradeepymca@gmail.com 
Address        :   140, Mall Apartment, Mall Road,  
                           New Delhi  | 110054 

 
 

PROFILE SUMMARY 

Date of birth: March 28, 1982 
Nationality: Indian 

 
An astute & result oriented professional with nearly 7 Years of extensive field experience in 
Business  Development,  Sales  &  Marketing,  Product  Promotion  and  Team  Management, 
seeking assignments in Solar, Wind, waste to energy, waste management & efficient lighting 
solution.  
  Proficient in expanding the business operations, sales & marketing activities, promotion 

campaign, conferences and an efficient communicator to attain business goals. 

  Flexible  attitude  to  cope  up  with  the  changing  situations  and  emerging  with  enhanced 

  Strong acumen to identify and build relationship with architects, builders and Developing 

new clients and negotiating with them to secure profitable business. 

  Strong  techno-commercial  and  financial  knowledge  to  convert  potential  customer  into 

performance. 

Real customer. 

FUNCTIONAL SKILLS 

- 
- 
- 

Business Development 
Marketing & Sales  
Government Liaison 

- 
- 
- 

Financial Modeling 
Presentation & Report writing 
Policy & Market Analysis 

 

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 
Present |   Vyom Power Pvt. Ltd. -  Manager Business Development - Solar Projects  
 
Key Result Areas: 

Identify  new  customers for  solar  power  projects,  Business Development in  utility  scale 
solar  project  and  CAPEX  &  OPEX  concept  of  Rooftop  Solar  Plant,  PPA  finalization  for 
RESCO Model, tendering & bidding and non tender enquiries. 

 
Since Oct’15 – May 2017  |  Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency 
                                                BD & Project Engineer  
 
Key Result Areas: 
  Successfully  expedited,  contract  negotiation,  PPA  finalisation  and  techno-commercial 

discussion with OEM’s supplier for 50 MW Solar project in Kasaragod, Kerala. 

  Carrying out in-depth market analysis of new projects, preliminary financial & technical 

analysis, Project viability, financial modeling and tariff calculations. 

  Managed  progress  of  Green  Energy  Commitment  (GEC)  status  and  submit  updates  to 

MNRE and PMO. 

  Successfully  handled  promotional  campaigns,  seminars,  conferences  &  exhibitions  and 

represent IREDA for focusing on solar market penetration and development. 

  Dealt  with  International  Solar  Alliance  (ISA)  participating  countries Hon’ble Ministers, 
project  developers  and  investors  to disseminate and  exchange  assistance  for  Policy, 
Financing & others issues for development in the unexploited solar market. 

  Supervise  and  managed  Renewable  Energy  Help  Desk  for  dissemination  of  online 

information, support and services. 

  Preparation  of presentations  and technical  reports,  and other  relevant documents  with 
insights  for  the  target  audience  to  effectively  capture  potential 

key  data  and 
opportunities. 
 

Since July’10 – Sept’15    |  Malana Power Company Ltd., Noida (Bhilwara Energy Group)  
                                                Sr. Executive - Business Development & Marketing   
 
Key Result Areas:  
  Identify  new  industrial  &  commercial  Consumers,  for  power  sale  and  achieving  109% 

annual sales target from 2011 to 2015. 

  Identified  and  devised  a  framework  to  minimize  Deviation  Account  charges,  thereby 

bringing in Rs. 67 Million worth additional revenue during 2011 - 2015. 

  Ensured billing and timely collection of payment from Discom’s, power traders and other 

customers. 

  Negotiated and finalized contracts and PPAs with Commercial and Industrial  consumers, 
private Discom’s and  ensured  timely delivery,  thereby  achieving  18%  increased  annual 
revenue during 2011-2015. 

  Execute  real  time  trading  strategy  that  maximizes  profits  and  minimize  levels  of  risk 

exposure of the inherent bilateral contracts.  

  Ensured  approval  for  a  10  MW  Solar  PV  project  worth  Rs.  650  million  from  Bihar 
Renewable  Energy  Development  Agency,  under  the  power  purchase  agreement  with 
Bihar Electricity Board. 

  Expedited bidding & tendering process, price negotiation, techno-commercial discussion 
with OEM’s, and land acquisition & right of way for wind power projects capacity of 105 
MW worth Rs. 8500 Million in Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat. 

ACADEMIC DETAILS 

 
2010  MBA  (Power  Management  &  Marketing)  from  YMCA  University  of  Science  & 

Technology, Faridabad with 7.9 CGPA. 

2008   B.Tech. (Electrical) from YMCA Institute of Engineering, Faridabad with 61.58%. 
2005  Diploma  (Instrumentation  &  Control  Engineering)  from  Govt.  Polytechnic,  Hisar 

with 61.03%. 

  Expert  in  MS  Office  Applications  (Excel,  Word,  PowerPoint,  Outlook),  MS  Projects, 

Internet application and tools. 
 

IT SKILLS 

******* 

 

 

 

