CURRICULUM VITAE

RAJEEV KUMAR MISHRA
 MAIL: rajeevmtcpl@gmail.com                                             Modern jail campus, (new)   
Gosaiganj , Lucknow, (U.P.) 
Contact No.  +918756118015   , +919118831057                 
      
                                                                                                     

                                                     Pin code-227305   

Mailing Address

Career Objective

              

A person who is satisfied will never grow, as satisfaction stops the progress. I always try to learn new
things and to implement them. I want to work in an organization that provides me a platform to perform my
tasks efficiently where I can prove my capabilities  and skills, serve the organization with fullest of my
capabilities  and work in a challenging  atmosphere which provides  ample  opportunities  for learning  and
growth.

  I am an optimistic person with a rational approach towards life. I am committed to my work and
career and do not hesitate in doing hard work. Able to co-ordinate various activities and have immense desire to
learn new skills to improve performance.

Personal Skills
    

Academics

Degree

B.Tech-   Electrical & Electronics 
Engineering – 4rd  year
B.Tech-   Electrical & Electronics 
Engineering – 3rd  year

B.Tech –Electrical & Electronics
Engineering  - 2nd year
B.Tech – Electrical & Electronics
Engineering – 1st year
Higher Secondary

Senior Secondary 

University/Institute

UP Technical University

UP Technical University

UP Technical University

UP Technical University

S.m.k  inter college ,Kanpur

Christ church inter college
,Kanpur 
                            

Year

2010

2009

2008

2007

2004

2002

%/CQPI

74.8

66.1%

65.7%

62.3%

63.4%

69.5%

Technical Proficiency & Work Experience

       
        Medhaj Techno Concept Pvt Ltd for FSP- II 

 Providing the consultancy service for supervision, quality control & monitoring of 11 KV Feeder Separation Project, 

Phase -II in villages under the jurisdiction of MPMKVVCL, Bhopal.

 Asset Mapping of 11 KV feeders with their adjoining DT’S, LT network & consumer indexing.
 Construction and erection of 11 KV feeders.
 Installation of DT’S for power distribution.
 Installation of energy meters at consumer locations.

 Conversion of LT to HVDS system.
 Preparation of BOQ (Bill of Quantity).
 Coordination and following up with contractor and vendors.
 Time management & job planning and allocation of work to subordinates for team work. 
 Generation of regular & need based MIS (management information system) report.

 Project on 8051based mobile controlled electrical equipment with Password, Acknowdgement & 

Projects Done

  

display system.

Significant Achievements

 
 Six weak summer training on electrical panels from Jackson egg. Limited, Gr. Noida .
 Participated in various cultural activities, various other competitions at school & college.
 Member of Electrical Society of College.

Strengths

 Ability to work in a team as a leader or as a responsible member or alone.
 Interactive and Good Communication Skills.
 Confident and Positive attitude.
 Hard-working & Honest.
 Patience. 

Personal Details

: 15, July, 1987
Date of Birth
: Male
Sex
: Married
Marital Status
Father’s Name
: Sh. Mukesh Mishra
Mother’s Name                       : Smt. Suman Mishra
Permanent Address                  :  Village-Bairampur  Post -Naglanan, Near shamanshabad
                                                         District- Farrukhabad, (U.P.)
                                                         
Interest and Activities             : Listening to Music, playing Cricket, Basketball
Languages                               : English, Hindi

  
    
  I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge

Declaration

DATE:
13 -06-2016

  

                RAJEEV KUMAR MISHRA

 

