Mohammad Owais Qureshy
Project Planning Engineer

Covering Letter

Dear Sir,

stage.

I am Mohammad Owais having 7+ years of work experience in the construction industry.

As  a  dynamic  professional  I  have  worked  on Civil

, MEP and

Infrastructure

projects of  international  standards  with Client as  well  as Contractor and  have in

depth  knowledge  of  project  development, right  from  design  stage  till  commissioning

I  am  well  versed  with  construction  procedures &  methodologies  of  these  sectors  and

worked on industry recognized project management software’s as a tool to implement

the construction process.

Presently I am working with Metac Gen Con Co LLC as a Project Planning

Engineer, looking after multi-million dollar high rise tower development projects.

My job profile includes Planning, Scheduling, Coordination and controlling the project

development right from inception till completion.

Deft in swiftly ramping up projects in close coordination with project managers, project

directors, contractors, architects, consultants & other external agencies and ensuring

on time deliverables.

I am well versed with project management software’s like Primavera(P3 & P6), Ms

Project and all the MS office software’s.

I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my qualifications for the suitable

Planning post in greater detail

Further attached herewith is my latest CV which outlines my qualifications & skills.

Regards

Mohammad Owais Qureshy

Mohammad Owais Qureshy
Project Planning Engineer

Mohammad Owais Qureshy
P.O.Box 2463
Dubai, U.A.E.
Phone :- (M) +971-565398209
Email:-mohdowais26@yahoo.com
Skype- mohdowais26

Qualifications

 B.E. (Mechanical) from AL-Falah school of engineering & Management,

Faridabad in 2010.

 12th from Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh. (INDIA)
 10th from Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh. (INDIA)

Industry Skills

Developed  a  project  monitoring  system  for  project  information/document  sharing  using
Primavera, PMP is in progress
Project Management - Planning, Scheduling, Monitoring & Controlling
Claim  related - Conversant  with Fidic  Conditions  of  Contract, Time  Impact  &  delay
analysis.
Programme analysis - Earned Value Analysis (EVA), Claim Digger, Portfolio analyst
Good Communication & presentation skills

Software Skills

Project Planning Software
Design Software
Other Software

: Avid user of Primavera P3 & P6 (Ver. 3.0, 6.0, 8.3)
: Solid Works & Auto Cad 2005 (2D)
: Microsoft Office (Excel, Word & PowerPoint)

Work Experience ( GULF )

Metac Gen Cont Co LLC
Metac General Contracting is the leading construction company based in Abu Dhabi and have
30 years of experience in the field of construction spec in Villas and high rise Building.
www.metacuae.com
Designation: Project Planning Engineer.
Project details ( Ongoing )
Working on two projects which are under development at Dubai, Abu Dhabi.
Some of the prestigious projects are as below.

Nov-14 – Till Date

Name of Project

Client

Consultant

Project
Cost ( AED)

Project
Duration

Current
Status

468 Villas & Associated

NAKHEEL

Arif & Bintoak

780,468,120.00

730 Days

50% Complete,

EOT Submitted

Infrastructure Works at Nad

Al Shiba Package-3 - DUBAI

Bin Hashid G+20 Tower – ABU

ADCE

Architectural

110,554,954.00

1049 Days (

55% Complete,

DHABI

Consulting Group

Original 730

EOT Approved

+ EOT 319

Days )

Mohammad Owais Qureshy
Project Planning Engineer

Project details ( Completed Gulf )

Name of Project

Client

Consultant

Project Cost
( AED)

Project
Duration

Current
Status

Jumeirah Island Lake side

NAKHEEL

M.Al-Shaikh

156,567,320.00

649 Days ( Original

BCC & TOC

Terrace House and Central

Park-84 Villas & Retail’s Centre

Mubarak Arch &

Engg Consultants

426 + EOT 223

Received

Neighbourhood Retail Centre at

NAKHEEL

Arif & Bintoak

78,590,584.00

619 Days ( Original

BCC & TOC

Neighbourhood Retail Centre at

NAKHEEL

Arif & Bintoak

60,567,320.00

584 Days ( Original

BCC ,TOC &

Days )

Days )

365 + EOT 254

Received

365 + EOT 219

DLP ,

Days )

Received

-DUBAI

Al-Furjan - DUBAI

International City - DUBAI

Work Profile

Enabled with its vast experience and wide ranging competence in the construction industry,
Metac has to its credit a number of high profile and prestigious projects throughout the UAE,
especially in Abu Dhabi, Al Ain, Dubai and Ajman And I am an integral part of this team &
working as Project Planning engineer. My core responsibilities are planning, scheduling &
monitoring of multiple tower development projects.
My key functionalities are as below

Pre-construction Roles & responsibilities

To  develop &  update the  programme as  per  project  development  guidelines which
includes concept, preliminary, detail design development, stage wise approvals by no. of
authorities approvals along  with tendering  &  biddings  process until construction
commencement in coordination with Business planning, Technical, Commercial & Project
execution team
To  prepare  tender  stage wise programmes  for  contractors  viz. Enabling,  main  &
specialist  nominated  contractors &  set  key parameters  &  guidelines  viz.  construction
completion milestones, nomination schedule etc for CL14 programme submission
To review & analyze contractors tender & execution stage programme submissions (Viz.
Cl14.1)  contractually  &  Technically  which  includes  the discipline  wise sequence  of
construction works, logic, authority approvals, Nomination schedules, utilities & services
approvals until final testing & commissioning & handing over.
To  prepare  the  design  &  enabling  stage  monthly  cash  flows  in  conjunction  with  finance
team for rolling window of 6 month

Post Construction Roles & responsibilities

To  visit  the  site  on  weekly  basis  for  under  construction projects &  to  lead  the  weekly
progress review meeting with consultant, contractor & subcontractors
To prepare & update the project master Schedule  on weekly basis to analyze the project
bottlenecks & advice a necessary action
To  review &  monitor the  weekly  &  monthly  reports  &  periodic  reports  submissions,
2week look ahead & 3 month look ahead programme against the baseline programme

Mohammad Owais Qureshy
Project Planning Engineer

To  review &  monitor the  project  overall  project  progress  especially  for  activities  on  the
critical  path  &  near  critical  path; Analysis  techniques  used  are  manpower  histograms  &
S-Curve
To  review &  monitor
the  overall  resource  deployment,  material procurement,
productivity  of  resources  &  construction  methodology  to  avoid  future  claims.  Analysis
techniques used are EVA & S-Curve on primavera P3 & P6
To develop different reporting formats to analyze & control the project work progress.
To  review &  reply the  claims  technically  &  contractually using FIDIC  COC  1987,  1992.
Analysis  techniques used are Claim  Digger  (P6/P3),  time  impact  analysis,  window
analysis, as impacted analysis.

EOT reviewed on the Projects are as below

1. Retail Centre International City (Completed) – Project was delayed by more than
219 Days from  its  contractual  completion  date  and total  4  out  of  4 no. of  claim
events Cleared.

2. 84 Villas & Retails Centre (Completed) – The project was delayed by 223 Days. In
this projects has so many events and delayed by ( Authority Approval , Clients )
3. Al-Furjan  Retail  Centre (Completed) - Project was  delayed  by  more  than  254
Days from  its  contractual  completion  date  and total  13  out  of  10 no.  of  claim
events Cleared.

4. Bin  Hashid  G+  20  Tower  (Ongoing) – The  project  is  delay  319  Days  due  to  late
Building Permit issued and then 2 Out of 1 no. of claim events has been cleared
due to mutual understanding and still projects are under construction.

5. 468  Villas  associated  &  Infrastructure (Ongoing) – After  the  Completion  of
Structure & Mock-Up  Villas, so many modification works  has been  received from
Client side, this occurred delay in whole Finishing and MEP activities.
Within 28 Day notification EOT Submitted (5 Months) is under Review.

To  maintain  project  claim  register  &  to  counter  &  reply  the  claims  submission  made  by
the contractor.
To  highlight  the potential  claim  areas  to  higher  management  &  suggest  the  corrective
actions. No. of claims resolved using culpable delay methodology
To  coordinate  with internal technical department viz. architecture,  MEP, structure team
for design/VE coordination & progress.
To coordinate with procurement/commercial  team  for
Nominations of PS & PC items
To prepare & update project 6 month cash flow statement on every month.

tracking the  progress  on

PMIS functions for Internal works

To  prepare  &  update  the weekly progress  monitoring report,  project  cash  flows
periodically. Developed  project  progress  time  &  cost  presentation  using  primavera  (P6)
web application.
To raise the project cash calls in coordination with project finance
To  develop  the  KPI  to  set intermediate  progress  milestones  for  the  projects  &  design
team.

Mohammad Owais Qureshy
Project Planning Engineer

Project details ( Completed India )

Raunaq International Ltd

July-12 - Nov-14

”Raunaq  EPC  International  Limited",  an  Engineering  Contracting  Organization  managed  by  a
dedicated team of professionals at various levels in different disciplines, is engaged primarily in
the  service  of  core  infrastructural  and  industrial  sectors  in  India,  namely  Power,  Chemical,
Hydro-carbon, Metal and Automobile sectors.
www.raunaqinternational.com
Designation: Project cum Planning Engineer.
Client – Reliance Infrastructure Ltd.
Project name: Raw water Intake & FOH System at 6×660 MW ultra Mega Power Project.

Work Profile

Preparation  of  project  feasibility  report, tender stage programmes in  coordination  with
business development & technical team
To  develop project  organization plan for  execution  of  work  & standards  for  executing
them.
Monitoring & updating the projects work progress.
Coordination with technical, commercial & construction division
Fixing & updating resource productivity norms.
Tracking financial health of the project & preparing project cash flow statements
Liaise with different department for progress related issues.

First Alarm fire Technology Ltd.

July-10 –June-12

First Alarm Fire Technology Ltd is a fully fire protected system provide company based

in  New  Delhi. In  this  Company  covers  the  Engineering,  Procurement,  Quality  Control,

Construction, Fabrication and commissioning of Fire System and Pipes.

Designation: Site Engineer
Client – Public Work’s Department (PWD)
Project name: 200 Beded Hospital at Kokiwala at Ashok Vihar-New Delhi

Work Profile

Reporting the progress internally and to the client on weekly and monthly basis

Prepared the material , manpower & Schedule of the project

Updating and analyzing the schedule with the latest inputs every two weeks

Monitoring subcontractors’ progress and incorporating subcontractors’ plan with the

master schedule.

Execution of Fire Fighting systems & Piping on site.

Coordination with other contractors and building contractors for smooth operation on

site.

Attending site meetings concerning the progress of work

Material management on/off site.

Mohammad Owais Qureshy
Project Planning Engineer

Intimating the procurement department on the procurement schedule.

Preparation of weekly progress report.

Performed installation and tested Fire Fighting system

checked contractor bills & inspected all material associated Fire Fighting  with system.

Personal Details

Date of birth
Nationality
Passport No.
Marital Status
Permanent Address :
Present Address
Visa Status

25-May-1987
INDIAN
J-9922826 (Valid UAE Driving License)

:
:
:
:      Married

A-4,Sami Apartment Dodhpur , Aligarh-UP ( INDIA)

:     U-05, Italy Cluster-International City –( DUBAI)
Residence Visa (Company Sponsorship)
:

Mohammad Owais Qureshy

