CURRICULUM - VITAE

PERMANENT ADDRESS
    SHAHNAWAZ
RC-6 SHIV PARK KHORA COLONY
DIST – GHAZIABAD  (U.P.) 201301 
MOB.NO. - +91-9911047196, +91-7827627870
E Mail – shahnawazalam125@gmail.com

Career Objective:

Work experience: 

I am looking for an opportunity to work with a progressive Organization to 
make use of my skills towards the growth of the organization and become an 
asset to the team I work for by learning new set of skills which are needed to 
achieve professional goals.

Working in UFLEX.LTD Sector-60 Noida   packaging division, converting 
unit. 
( Machine operation and there maintenance of machine like Converpinch big 
pouch making machine, polytex tube making machine convertex  cement bag 
making machine, tuber machine and 3d pouching machine ) from July 2014 to 
–till date

 Designation-junior engineer
 Working role – maintenance  in-charge 

Responsibilities: 

 Execute the mechanical issues as per machine problem (tool/machine problems,

Rework of parts etc) contributing to line stoppages.

 Monitoring every day’s mechanical issues and discuss with superior to solve any

issues related to mechanical stoppages.

 Achieve a high level of mechanical efficiency.
 Control of manpower as per shift schedule.
 To maintain Hygiene and Good Manufacturing practices (GMP) norms of plant.

 Machine   maintenance,   hydraulic   &   pneumatic   cylinder   maintenance,
Manufacturing,   production   planning,   shift   management,   production
management 

INDIA YAMAHA MOTOR PVT.LTD  SurajpurNoida (UP)
(This training is undertaken towards partial fulfillment of the Diploma Course 
for duration of 42 days)

Key skills:

Training:

Technical Qualification:

Diploma in Mechanical Engineering (Polytechnic) {65.16%}
(Punjab State Board of technical education ) 2011 to 2014

Academic Qualification:

High School Passed In CBSE Board 2010 (58.9%) (CGPA): 06.2

Strength:

Basic understanding of computer 
Posses good communication hard working and quick learner

:

Personal Details
                                              Name                          :   Shahnawaz
                                                Father’s Name                : Mirajjuddin
                                                Date of birth                   :     15 January 1995
                                         Sex                            :    Male 
                                         Nationality                :    Indian 
                                         Marital status             :    single 
                                         Languages Known     :    English,Hindi ,Urdu 

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information given below is true to the best of my knowledge.

 Date -
Place-

(Shahnawaz)

