                                            DR.R. Pradheep Kumar

Mobile: +968-92923114; +91-9176829373. Phone: 04146-251993; Email: pradheep_kr@yahoo.com

                                                                                                                                                             

Project Management Professional – Civil Construction
Offering over 20 Years 3 Month of Accomplished Experience in Commissioning & Execution of Civil
Constructions and Generating Substantial Cost Advantage with effective Technical and Managerial Inputs

Key Strength Areas  
 Detailed Design & Engineering • Project Management • Process Management 
• Technical Aspects of Project 

 Quality Initiatives • Relationship Management • Strategic Management • Commercial

management • Cross-functional Coordination • Safety Standards Contracts Management /
Tendering • Resource Management / Versatile Leadership • Commercial Operations

Profile

Management Performance:

 Enterprising Global Management Executive offering a distinguished career of donning 

leadership roles in managing and executing wide range of Civil, Structural and Infrastructure 
Construction turnkey projects. Proven track record of making significant contributions by 
deploying and setting systems, at the same time bringing about considerable cost reductions, 
while ensuring efficiency and quality benchmarks of the projects.

 Academically astute Civil Engineer having strong credentials in preparing detailed Project 

Reports and Feasibility Reports and detailed cost estimates for project reports

 Arranging attractive investment proposals/ideas for investors.
 Allocating resources for operation and other necessity activity, Project   follow up activities, 

Coordination with Architects and engineering services consultants to obtain 
information/drawings, Authorizing quotation for new Development for Residential Villa, High 
Rise Building

 Activity Involved in Commercial management is the non-technical business disciplines within
a company or organization. But, identification and development of business opportunities 
and the profitable management of projects and contracts from start to Completion. 

Project Lead Performance:

 Overseas construction of special projects from inception to planning to completion.
 Conducted and performed site coordinated design and planning to ensure design standards 

 Analyzed vendor proposals and selected the appropriate one for each project.
 Analyzed the Commercial Issues, Budget & Forecasting, Leading & Supervision of 

are met and maintained.

commercial issues.

 Activity involved to Support the Core Team Bidding & Pricing & Project Costing
 Actively involved in master plan clearance, coordinating infrastructure with various 

departments like Road, WTP, STP, Electrical and Landscaping etc.

CV

Page 1

 Water & Sewage Network Project in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
 Regional Office Building at Sohar for Oman Housing Bank Sultanate of Oman.
 Commercial & Residential Building with multi storey in the Sultanate of Oman.
 Super Market in the Sultanate of Oman.  
 Private Villas like residential building and Mosque.
 Construction, completion and maintenance of Wali’s residence at various locations in around 

OMAN. (Saham, Khabura, Al Awabi, Shinas, Suwaiq & Sohar) for Ministry of Interior.

 Construction of 20 Housing Units at 16 locations in the Wilayat Shinas at Batinah North Region

for Ministry of Housing, Electricity & Water.

 Reviewed construction technical documentation for accuracy, feasibility, quality and 

conformance to industry standard.

 Supervised and guided other staff throughout the construction process.

ACADEMIC AND PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS   

Doctorates Graduate in M.S Consultancy Management                                                   2011 
Birla Institute of Technology & Science, Pilani (Rajasthan) India. Off-Campus Work-Integrated Learning 
Programs.

MBA (Marketing Research) 
Annamalai University through Directorate of Distant Education, Annamalai Nagar, Chidambaram, India.

               2008

           

BE (Civil Engineering)
Secured 62%, First Class, Shanmuga College of Engineering, Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, India.
 
Diploma Civil Engineering (Honours) 
Secured 80%, Adhiparasakthi Polytechnic, Tamil Nadu, India 

     

                           1997

     2000

AWARDS / ACCOLADES   

 Recipient of Successful Achievements Medal- Award from Ministry of Interior at 
Sultanate of Oman; 22nd Feb 2006 for Excellent Exposure in Project Management.
 “RAJA PURASKAR” Award Received from Governor Govt. of Tamil Nadu, 7th Oct 1991.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITTES AS A EXECUTIVE MANAGER LEVEL:

 Responsible   for   daily   functions,   including   commitment   to   integrity,   knowledge/quality   of   work.
Supporting   financial   goals   of   the   company,   initiative/motivation,   co-operation/relationships,
problem   analysis/discretion,   accomplishing   goals   through   organization,   positive   oral/written
communication   skills,   leadership   abilities,   commitment   to   affirmative   action.   Flexibility   and
ownership/accountability of action taken.

 Prepares   and/or   reviews   construction   documents   (plan   and   specs)   for   code   compliance,

constructability and owner requirements.
 Reviews contracts and schedule requirements.
 Ensures   coordination   of   procurement   and   delivery   of   materials,   field   office   involvement,   and

subcontractors to meet contractual and profitability requirements.
 Monitoring the PO and Payments of Service, out-sourcing & materials. 
 Verifying Sub-Contractors Payments / Claims as per Contract.
 Responsible   for   daily   management   of   the   construction   business   line,   including   customer
relationships, business development and acquisitions. Responsible for the supervision of all project
team   and   field   operations   to   ensure   consistency   in   work   procedures,   project   profitability,

CV

Page 2

achievement of milestones and schedule, resourcing of the project. Self performance capability and
maintaining positive customer relationships.

 Supervising   all   construction   activities   including   providing   technical   inputs   for   methodologies   of

construction & coordination with site management activities.

 Prepares   agendas,   schedules,   co-ordinates   and   conducts   project   meetings   with   project   teams.

Determines guidelines and timelines.

 Activity Involved in Contract Management of ongoing Projects from signing to closure, including: If

any  Contract Variations, Management of Sub-Contractors, 

 Also, Involved to Participation in Contract Claims & Dispute Settlement.
 Activity Involvement  in  Contract Negotiation & Contract Signing with clients to make sure get

approval from Project Consultant. 

 Managing tendering process and awarding contracts, coordinating with contractors for commercial

negotiations, cost estimates including billing & claims etc.

 Involved  in,  If  any  -  interpreting contractual  obligations  &  rights and   evaluation of  technical/

financial problems for management reporting too.

 Applying innovative control methods that consistently delivering bottom line savings.

M/s Al-Hashemi & Al-Rawas Trad & Cont.Co.L.L.C, Salalah, Oman.           Mar 1st 2015 – Till date

Project Manager.

                                         Al-Saadha Sports Complex   (Foot Ball Stadium) Expansion Phase -2.  Project Value:
13.4million  Omani Riyals expand seating capacity:10,000  for the end user Ministry of Sports Affairs
under Consultancy WS.ATKINS Intl Co, UK.

                   Tactical Air Control Operations and Ground Defense HQ Building at MAM in Muscat including
Ammunition   Store   ,   Camping   Equipment   Store,   Vehicle   Hanger   Shed(Steel   Structure)and   Chiller   Unit/
Transformer Buildings(G+1, total 11000SqM, Framed RCC  Structure) are completed for Enduser of Royal Air-
force of Oman under consulting Ministry of Defense (Engineering Services) of Oman with Centralized AC,
Underground Drainage with Lifting Station, Firefighting system, Car Parking Shed (200) with Tarmac finish
around 23000SqM as per MOD standard, Project Value: 4.5million Omani Riyal for the End user Royal Air
Force of Oman.

Key Responsibilities 

          Actively involved all project Follow up, co-ordination with consultant 
 Supervising   all   construction   activities   including   providing   technical   inputs   for   methodologies   of

construction & coordination with site management activities.

 Site visits and interaction with site team & Co-ordination with HO team.
 Preparation of implementation plan.
 Interface and co-ordination with other departments and selection of consultants to conclude aspects

Impact in the Infrastructure development for the project.

 Review of all documents, design and drawings as received from the consultants related to execution of

the Building /Infrastructure works.

 Management   of   all   contracting   activities   like   preparation   of   Scope   of   Work,   bidding   strategy,   pre
qualification of contractors etc related water supply pipeline and sewage network with infrastructure.
This includes Process, Civil, Mechanical, Instrumentation works and all other allied works etc. 

 Management and supervision of all construction activities including Contract Administration (item base

Projects) on site.

 Monitor and assess overall client programmes and cost plans (which may include items beyond the scope

of the main contract or consultant's requirement).

 Monitor the expenses of each project must be efficiently managed throughout the process to ensure

for adjustments for unexpected issues or difficulties.

CV

Page 3

M/s Shapoorji Pollonji & Co.Ltd, Tamil Nadu, India.                                     Jan 2014 – Oct 2014

Senior Consultant - Project Management / Operation.

                 Actively involved various consultancy services such as project feasibility studies, detailed design,
detail project report, construction supervisions, commissioning, strategy formulation, bid documents and a
variety of other services.
 Supervising   all   construction   activities   including   providing   technical   inputs   for   methodologies   of

construction & coordination with site management activities.

 Identifying & developing alternate vendor source for achieving cost effective purchase of equipment,

accessories & timely delivery so as to minimize project cost.

 Monitoring projects with respect to budgeted cost, demand forecasts.
 Site visits and interaction with site team & Co-ordination with HO team.

M/s Shri Janani Homes Pvt., Ltd, Chennai.                                         Jan 2009 – 14’Dec 2013

Shri Jananai Homes Property Services is professionally managed company having presence in Chennai,

Pondicherry, India in the following activities:

 Real estate –Sale and lease. Lease of retail outlets. Joint ventures with developers.

 Leasing   and   sale   of   entire   properties   with   High   Value   clients.   /Builders/Investors/Private   equity

/Venture capital /Foreign Direct Investors. Franchising in retail and other spheres.

 Arranging attractive investment proposals/ideas for investors.

 Holding   real   estate/franchising   /retailing   /financing   expositions   and   exhibitions   in  all   towns   and

cities.  Finding investors for local developers and Builders.

 Underwriting entire projects for marketing, investments and execution.

 The   Company   having   widest   experience   in   planning,   designing   and   execution   of   the   above   said

projects.

 The Company having experts who have a proper qualification and detailed field experience helps the

company   to   successfully   complete   more   than  25   Lakhs   sqft  of   various   developments   and   also

company have got a place in our beloved clients hearts.

Chief Engineer – Project Management / Operation.

 Actively involved in complete control on all projects - Following Activity are to be carried out and

reporting directly to MD.

 Allocating resources for operation and other necessity activities, Project follow up activities, 
Project monitoring, Coordination with Architects and engineering services consultants to 
obtain information/drawings, Verifying contractor’s bills and recommend for payment, 
Decision authority to purchase raw materials and  tool components, machineries for the 
process  and operation and other necessity activities, Staffs recruitment, Documents & 
records approval.

  Authority of making final decision to dispose non conforming products, authorizing quotation 

for new Development, Selection of internal auditors, new project development.

 Complete the project and hand over customer as per their requirements, If any deviations are
found by discussed from customers decision taken for rework or accept the project stages, 
Authority of making decision to stop the production if non conformity products are running.
 Management and supervision of all construction activities including Contract Administration

 Preparation of Budgets, BOQ’s, Technical Specification, Cash Flows and Analysis of Deviations

(item base Projects) on site. 

(Budget and Schedule).

CV

Page 4

M/s HIRCO, Chennai             

                        Jul 2007 – Dec 2008

 Hirco Plc. is one of the India’s largest Real Estate Investment Companies. The company co-invests in

large-scale mixed-use township developments in suburban areas outside city centers in India. 

Deputy General Manger-DGM (Infrastructure) - Hiranandani Palace Garden

                Hiranandani Palace Gardens is a vibrant new township on the outskirts of Chennai that offers a
unique mix of  homes, offices,  schools, health care facilities,  parks, shops  and entertainment.  This  is  a
prestigious project in Chennai with the investment of £77.8 million in a new 251 acre, 19.6 million square
feet. It's a new-generation "live-work-play" development inspired by the best traditions in city planning from
across India.

Key Responsibilities 

 Actively involved in master plan clearance, coordinating infrastructure with various departments like
Road, WTP, STP, Electrical and Landscaping etc, Associated as a support function for the Internal
CFOs in planning and forecasting Head count, Direct Cost and Budgets; managed scorecard for Mid-
Corporate Commercial Bank, Monitored cost and cost drivers for the Finance Centre of Excellence –
(the entire Global Finance Operations hub team) in Mumbai and Bangalore.

 Supervised commercial operations pertaining to bills finalization, activity based costing to compute
the true economic cost of resources consumed and monitoring contractors and clients, Facilitated
Survey   coordination   with   the   team   and   liaised   with   Govt.   Agencies   and   External   Agencies,
Consultants, Contractors and internally within organization.

M/s Ansal Properties & Infrastructure Ltd., Luck now 

                         Sep 2006 – July 2007

Ansal Properties & Infrastructure Ltd is - A Real Estate Development Company involved in developing a chain
of town ships in Northern India. 

Assistant Project Manager - Sushant Golf City (Public & Health)

 A prestigious project undertaken und Instrumental in laying of Sewage Network, Storm Water
Drainage Network, Water Supply Network and Cable Network for Electrical & Telecom. The policy
of Estate Govt. for developing Hi -Tech city with a total area of the project of 1750 Acres, which
is likely to be extended up to 4000 Acres. 

Key Responsibilities

 Played an important role in framing and implementing significantly involved in micro planning of

Phase – I of the project in Sushant Golf City including construction of: 

 Temporary   Roads,   Store   Building,   Site   Office   (Porta   Cabins),   Cement   Godown   etc.   and
Temporary   Electrical   Connection,   Underground   &   Overhead   Tanks,   Rain   Water   Harvesting
Scheme,   Electrical   &   Telecom   Trenches,   Road   Network,   Street   Lighting,   Entrance   Plaza,
Project   Office,   Water   &   Sewage   Treatment   Plants   and   Solid   Water   Disposal   Plant,
Instrumental   in   laying   of   Sewage   Network,   Storm   Water   Drainage   Network,   Water   Supply
Network and Cable Network for Electrical & Telecom.

CV

Page 5

M/s Al Shati Al Hadi Trading & Contracting, Sultanate of Oman.                     Nov 2004 – Sep 2006
                                         
A reputed name in Construction Industry involved in developing chain of various projects in and around
Oman. 

Senior Project Manager

 Entrusted with the responsibility to manage a prestigious project under the police of Govt. 

Rules, Ensured timely completion of the project within budget and schedule.

 Coordinated with External Agencies (consultants, contractors & govt. Departments) and 

internally within the organization for smoothly commissioning the project.

 Reviewed construction drawings, tender documents and technical specifications and prepared
construction program as well as forecasts of resource requirement for timely completion of 
the projects. Formulated effective strategies for timely construction within the budget and 
implementation of Project Management Procedures.

 Supervised commercial operations pertaining to bills finalization, activity based costing to 
compute the true economic cost of resources consumed and monitoring contractors and 
clients.

M/s. Advanced Contracting System, K.S.A. 

                                              Dec 2002 – Oct 2004

A multi-disciplinary group with an asset base of Saudi Riyal 1 lac inclusive of Para Banking, Aviation, Media 
& Entertainment, Housing and Infrastructure as its main divisions. 

Project Engineer (Sewage Pipe Line & Water pipe line - Network Project)

 Operation and other necessity activities, Project follow up activities, Project monitoring, 

Coordination with Sewage pipe line - from House connection through IC(Inspection champers) and 
it will be connect to Main pipe line its carry to last pumping station.

 Oversaw Project & Construction Management of - 26 MLD Lift Irrigation System, 14 MLD capacity 

Water Treatment Plant, Sewage pipe line collection network for 680 acres Lay out project including
06 Nos. Sewage Pumping Stations - Conceptualization, Engineering, Procurement & Implementation 
and laying of 600mm dia MS and FRP pipe, construction of BPT and 0.5 Million lit capacity Delivery 
chamber. 

M/s KRB Construction & contracting co., Tamil Nadu                                Jan 2000 – Oct 2002

Site Engineer - Project 

 Played an important role in commissioning supervised construction of Farmed Structures like
Multi Purpose Complex, Villas, Business Centre, Day-care Centre, Sample Cottages and other
residential projects.

M/s Infratech, Tamil Nadu                                                                     Apr 1997 – Nov 1999.

Site Engineer – Project (Part Time) 

 Supervised construction of Farmed Structures like Individual Villa, Residential, Multi Purpose 

Complex, Villas, and Business Centre.

 Facilitated Survey coordination with the team and liaised with Govt. Agencies and External Agencies,

Consultants, Contractors and internally within organization.

CV

Page 6

Training Undergone


Implant training at Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited, Trichy - Detailed Study of Environmental System, 
Water supply, and Cleaner Technology about BHEL.

Computer Proficiency
 MS-Office, MS-Project
 Undertook Special High Level Computer Training Program on Project Management, Software Engineering 

: 112/170, Dhakshayani Appartment, Big Street, Triplicane, Chennai – 600005,

and Software Quality.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Address
                                Tamilnadu, India
Date of Birth  
Sex    
Material Status
Nationality             : Indian
Religion                 
Driving License       : License in Oman Valid Till 2025. 
                                 : License in India for LMV.

: 4th Jun 1977
: Male
: Married;

: Hindu

CV

Page 7

