KN.Mohamed Sadiq
Electrical Supervisor (7 years 7 months)
Diploma in Electrical and Electronics Engg
Mobile : (+91) 9994794218
Email : knms1988@gmail.com

Professional Summary

Education 

To be a successful professional in a Globally Respected company and to achieve the objectives of the 
company with honesty and fairness and to continuously upgrade my knowledge and skills.

Diploma   Electrical and Electronics engg, 2009
ST.Xavier’s Polytechnic College – Tuticorin, TamilNadu

ITI   Instrument Mechanic, 2006
Don Bosco Industrial Training Institute – Madurai, TamilNadu

Certification Course

 PG Diploma in Electrical Design and Drafting
 PLC programming

Skills

ELECTRICAL DESIGNS OF AN APPARTMENT AND A COMMERCIAL BUILDING

 Selection and Installation of Transformer and Generator
 Selection of cables
 Selection of Bus-bar and Protection device
  Design of Electrical panel board
 Earthing Design 
 Preparation of Electrical physical layout (Including mounting heights) for each flats.
 Preparation of Schematic and SLD using AutoCAD.
 Selection and design of UPS and Battery.

Field of Interest 

 Electrical power generation, Transmission and Distribution
 Programming, Testing and commissioning for ELV systems
 Building Electrical maintenance works
 Shutdown works
 Fire alarm works

Experience

M/S. Juma Al Majid Group of companies,  Dubai, U.A.E.

Designation: Electrical Construction Supervisor
Duration:       June 2014 to August 2017   (3 years 3 months)

Job Description:

 Erection of Circuit Breakers, Relays, HV & LV Panels, Distribution Transformers, Cable Trays, 

MDB, SMDB, DB, Generators, Patch Panel.

 Laying of Power Cables (XLPE Cables), Data Telecom Cables (CAT-6, CAT-5, Fiber Optic, 

Coaxial), Fire resistance cables, Point Wiring, Basement Wiring, External Lighting and Street 
Lighting.

 CBS (Central Battery System) panel installation, DLS and TLS modules installation, Battery bank 

installation, Emergency lights and Exit lights fittings, Loop testing’s, Light checking, 
troubleshooting Panel testing and commissioning.

 CCTV camera's installation, IT panel installation, Patch panel installation, CCTV rack installation, 
Key stone jack termination, RJ45 jack termination, Cat-6 cable continuity testing, Fiber optic cable 
continuity testing, Co ordinate with subcontractor for IT panel wiring programming, testing and 
commissioning.

 FACP (Fire Alarm Control Panel) panel installation, Fire alarm detectors installation, Modules 
(Riser modules, Monitor modules, Universal modules, Control relay) installation, Detector loop 
testing in class A & class B methods, Trouble shooting, Handling with addressable and 
conventional systems, Co ordinate with subcontractor for programming, testing and 
commissioning.

M/S. Q-Tec Group Ltd W.L.L.  Doha, Qatar.

Designation: Electrical Maintenance Supervisor
Duration: October 2011 to December 2013   (2 years 3 months)

Job Description:

PROJECTS IN OIL & GAS: BARZAN ONSHORE PROJECT- at Raslaffan

 Material Planning and quantity estimation by preparing cable schedule, DB Schedule, Conduits & 
Wire statements, Switch Socket statement, Light Fixtures statement, Earthing Schedule etc.

 Interaction with consultants & client to get the approval of above statements.
 Drawing submission to consultants & coordinating with consultant for approval.
 Coordination with Purchase & Vendors regarding submission of material approval requests to 

clients and getting material approvals.

 Co ordination with clients, consultants & vendors regarding raising inspection calls for the 

materials.

 Weekly & Monthly based evaluation of Project status with clients.

M/S. UNITAC Electricals (P) Ltd, Kerala, India.

Designation: Electrical Maintenance Supervisor
Duration:       May 2009 to May 2011   (2 years 1 month)

Job Description:

 Performed load calculation for sizing wire and circuit protection.
 Troubleshot electrical equipment problems such as electrical Main Panel, Rectifiers, Batteries, 

 Maintain the site properly and to procure the necessary materials from the procurement 

 To report the work progress daily to project manager and complete the work on appropriate 

valves and sensors.

department.

date.

 Testing of All conduits and accessories, wiring, switches, sockets outlets, junction, pull boxes, GI

pull wires, ceiling roses, making connections etc.

Passport Details

Passport No:     H4070982 
Date of Issue:    01-04-2009
Date of Expiry:  31-03-2019
Place of Issue:   Madurai

Personnel Details

Date of Birth:  06.06.1988
Sex:                Male
Nationality:     Indian

Declaration

I do here by declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge. 

Yours Faithfully,

KN.Mohamed Sadiq 

