MOHAMMED ROSHAN A

CURRICULUM VITAE

PHONE:09809132407(Kerala-India)

EMAIL:proroshan24@gmail.com,proroshan2424@rediffmail.com

       

Career Objectives

to career growth.

Educational Profile

To obtain a suitable position in a professional organization where my extensive experience can

be utilized for the benefit of the company and where my potentials can be recognized leading

 ME -FIRSTCLASS in Energy Engineering from NATIONAL ENGINEERING COLLEGE 

KOVILPATI  (ANNA UNIVERSITY CHENNAI),(2014-2016).

 B.E -FIRSTCLASS in Mechanical Engineering from FRANCIS XAVIER ENGINEERING 

COLLEGE  TIRUNELVELI (ANNA UNIVERSITY CHENNAI),(2006-2010).

Other Softwares                   

            :          Ansys, Trnsys,….

:

:

MS Windows ,XP, Word, Excel and 

Solid Edge, Femap, Autocad,..

Computer Knowledge

Familiar With

PowerPoint..

Drawing Tools

EXPERIENCE:

1.Designation             : Asst:Professor (Mechanical)

Institution : Al Azar college of Engineering and Technology, Thodupuzha
 (Aug 2016 TO Till now)

Duties & Responsibilities 

 Manage the PowerPoint presentation for students.

  Provide conceptual knowledge and make them visualize the things.

  Identify the weak points of students.

  Develop the extra curricular activities of students.

  Provide the help during the project.

 Provide support to weak students.

 Conducting lectures and preparing the material for  students .

2.  Designation : MECHANICAL  ENGINEER (WELDING)

Company : UB ENGINEERING LTD, PUNE(SITE:- ROURKELA STEEL PLANT), India

(MARCH 2011 TO APRIL 2014)

Profile

: UB Engineering Limited is the flagship Company of UB Group’s Engineering
Business.   The   sphere   of   UB   Engineering’s   activities   encompasses   EPC   Projects,
Infrastructure, On-site fabrication of structures, Installation, Testing and Commissioning of
Electrical and Mechanical Equipments, Piping etc. for large Industrial projects such as Power,
Refineries, Steel, Cement, Fertilizer, Petrochemical and Desalination Projects. The Company
enjoys pre-qualification credentials in Electrical Sub-station projects upto 400 KV in India.
The Company also undertakes Overhauling and Maintenance of Operating Plants in varied
Industries, both in India and Abroad.

The phenomenal growth of UB Engineering is due to its proven skills in Project Management, 
Consistency in Quality, EHS implementation and completion of projects on time. The experience 
and expertise of UB Engineering is reflected in the form of repeat orders from all reputed clients.

 

Duties & Responsibilities 

sub contractors.

  Checking drawings for discrepancies & missing details and clarify with the technical

manager in time for the project implementation. Dealing with client, consultant and 

 Reading and checking drawings before forwarding to the execution department.

 Inspection of trestles and pipes with making all protocols & test certificates.

 Complete quality control of  fabrication works. 

 

etc.. .  

 Complete quality  control of Welding works for Pipelines, Blast Furnace(IS 2062) 

 Conducting welder qualification test in various positions for all types of materials.

 Conducting QA/QC tests: DPT , MPT, RT,UT etc. 

 Conducting leakage and pressure tests for all pipelines and valves with proper 

documentations with approval of test and repair procedures from clients.

3.  Designation : TRAINEE ENGINEER (MAINTENANCE)

Company

: TATA CERAMICS LTD , CSEZ, Kakanad, Ernakulum, Kerala, India 

                                     (JUNE 2010 TO FEB 2011)                                                      

           Profile

: Tata Ceramics produces and sells fine-bone china crockery and 

                                     and other  markets. The company was incorporated in 1991 and is an 

                                     company of    TATA   Power. The company's products are exported to 

                         Ireland, Italy, South Korea, New Zealand, the UK and the US. It also sells

tableware in India  

associate    

Australia,           

to 

                         institutional customers.

Duties & Responsibilities 

 Supervising operation and maintenance of plant machineries.

 Handling and taking safety measures for 3 x 50MT LPG storage bullets.

 Leading more than 27 workers including Forman and supervisors.

 Supervise   &   check   technical   works   &   advise   technical   design   solutions   in   different

activities.

 Complete quality control of Welding works.

 Checking  drawings  for  discrepancies  &  missing  details  and  clarify with  the  technical

manager in time for the project implementation.

 Maintenance & Erection of structural & machine parts.

 Complete control of steel and Aluminum fabrication works.

 Dealing with client, consultant and sub contractors.

 Checking drawings & specifications before forwarding to the production department.

Other Qualifications

 Level- 2 Certificate in NDT (RT, UT,MPT, DPT).
 Cerificate in piping (ASME B31.3).
 Knowledge in Quality Control works for welding & Steel Fabrication.
 Knowledge in Hydaulic & Pneumatic systems.
 Knowledge in safety precautions for  LPG loading & unloading.
 Experience in  structural pipe line, water tank and pump installation works.
 Project done in Design & Fabrication of  Epicyclic gear train.

 Project done in Design of Overfeed mechanism in Random winders.
 Project done in Enhanced biogas production.

Personal Profile

Age & Date of Birth

Sex

Marital Status

Nationality

Religion

29, 29-07-1988

Male

Married

Indian

:

Islam

:

:

:

:

:

:

:

Adress                                                            :           HIRA 

                                                                                 Opposite Police quarters, pathanapuram

                                                                                 Kollam, Kerala,

                                                                                 India, pin: 689695.                 

Language Known

Passport Number

Expiry Date

English, Hindi, Malayalam ,Tamil

j 3631920

18-04-2021

I here by conclude that the information provided above is authentic and true to the best of my

knowledge and belief.

Declaration

(Mohammed Roshan )

