Jamal Pathan
Pune, Maharashtra
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Jamal-Pathan/15f4b709361014de

Work Experience

Marketing Executive
Forbes Marshall Private Limited
April 2020 to Present

Projects & Existing grid customers - Steam System Division (Middle East, Africa, South Asia & South East
Asia):

Market analysis and enabling Sales generation to supplement growth of the Food & Beverage process
Industry segment. Making various technical & marketing tools to provide effective solutions & concepts
for  different  segments  of  process  industry  like  Beverages,  Brewery,  Dairy,  Edible  Oil  Refineries,
Confectioneries etc., with effective product proposals covering equipment specific solutions with help of
a P&ID (technical drawings) and other marketing tools with deliverables to the end users. This resulted
improvement in the strike rate by 35% and surpassing 19-20 achievement in 2020-21 H1 and 2020-21
achievement in 2021-22 H1 itself!

Marketing Executive
Forbes Marshall Private Limited - Pune, Maharashtra
March 2013 to Present

Marketing Executive - Global Projects
Forbes Marshall Private Limited
October 2017 to March 2019

Middle East, Africa, South Asia & South East Asia):
Green Field Projects & Expansion Projects for Forbes Marshall International operations
• Identification of key greenfield projects and selective categorisation based on numerous parametric.
• Defining project pitch for each industry segment with distinguished package solution.
• Demonstrating key benefits to each identified client with right design of the system to optimize overall
plant efficiency with the help of a P&ID (technical drawings) and other demonstrating tools.
• Cross referencing similar nature of projects executed in the past.
• Ensuring thorough adaptability to Customer buying process.
• This resulted in an unprecedented growth of 15% Year on Year.

Marketing Associate - Actual Users & Small Projects
Forbes Marshall Private Limited
April 2015 to October 2017

Middle East, Africa):
As a business owner for assigned countries, identified target customers and analysed market scenarios to
supplement business growth, documented customer benefits after innovative solutions implementation
and travelled extensively to demonstrate related benefits to build a strong customer base.

Marketing Associate - Integral Branding & Market Research Analysis for
International Operations
Forbes Marshall Private Limited
April 2014 to March 2015

• Market Research & Analysis for International Operations
-  Country  wise  business  analysis  for  Egypt,  Kenya,  Middle  East,  Indonesia  &  Malaysia  for  business
expansion with respect to actual user grid, corporate plants and OEMs for steam and process control
systems.
- Developing 5-year plan with marketing and sales strategies for the above mentioned 5 focused markets
with right approach for Steam Systems Business.
• Marketing, Branding & Digital Tools: Design & Development of steam system and process control loops
for various process industries demonstrating ideal solutions with benefits. Developing Mobile Apps and
web portal calculators for finding various energy parametric.

Graduate Trainee Engineer
Forbes Marshall Private Limited
March 2013 to April 2014

•  Developing  Marketing  Tool:  Developing  Steam  System  Data  Base  (SSDB)  Calculator.  Which  helped
field sales engineers to complete the technical proposals in a simple yet effective manner with thorough
understanding of studied plant depicting the losses and potential to improve on the same.
•  Intensive  Customer  visits  West  Region  domestic  sales  branches,  India  with  Branch  Engineers  for
Generation and promotion of Business related to products & specific proposals
• Product support & review

Education

Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering
Visvesvaraya Technological University
2007 to 2011

Higher Secondary Certificate
Basaveshwar Science College, Pre-University, State Boards
2004 to 2007

Certificate of Secondary Education in Indian
St. Anne's Convent High School, State Boards
2003 to 2004

Skills / IT Skills

• Marketing Sales Generation Pre-Sales Activities Business Development Industrial & Automation
Products Project Engineering Project Sales Strategic Planning Revenue Growth Expert Marketing
and Sales executive driving strategic initiatives for optimizing sales & business development of
industrial process control and energy conservation solutions; delivering support for pre-sales
activities, securing project sales, planning, executing, and managing business operations with focus
on achieving targets for revenue growth and sales generation. PROFILE SNAPSHOT

• Develop Business growth plan and formulate initiatives for the assigned product and Industry

verticals to meet the sales targets.

• Work seamlessly with field sales and other support functions to technically analyse the key sales
proposals and requirements, RFPs / Tenders and provide strategic inputs to win the proposals.

• Adept at project engineering & management from planning, defining project scope, budgeting,

deploying cost controls, planning & managing resources, identifying & eliminating risks, for ensuring
timely delivery.

• Preparing pitch for the proposals against the competition with distinctive deliverables to the end
customer with the deep understanding of the process or the products for effective strike rates.

• Support in building Key Account Customers (KAM), OEMs globally by cross referencing and promoting

effective sales proposals.

and Industry vertical.

• Monthly/Quarterly/Yearly forecast and analysis of orders and projections for the assigned product

• International exposure in leading global sales team and developing business across South Asia,

South East Asia, Middle East and North Africa territories. KEY DELIVERABLES

• Good Knowledge of process industries (Food, Beverages, Breweries, Pharmaceutical, Chemicals,

Textiles, Edible Oil refineries, Hospitality etc.) and technical understanding of key process equipment
used.

• Developing Teams in International & Indian territories in-line with organisation initiatives for

sustained sales activities and revenue growth.

• Experience in Brand strategy and positioning as market leader in Steam systems and process control

solutions.

market customers.

• Combined Sales and Technical approach for effective proposals.

• Good understanding of Indian and International (South Asia, South East Asia, Middle East, Africa)

• Excellent communication and presentation skills. PRODUCTS HANDLED Boilers, Heat Exchangers,
Valves, Control Valves, Basic process Control instrumentations, Industrial IOT & software services,
Steam and Condensate ancillaries, Steam Filters, mechanical pumps, Flow measuring devices,
customized packaged steam & heat recovery solutions. CAREER GRAPH Microsoft Office (Word,
Excel, PowerPoint)

• Business development

• Communication skills

• Marketing

• Microsoft Excel

• Negotiation

• Sales

Online Profile

http://www.linkedin.com/in/jamal-pathan-743b4197

