Jeffrey Fermin
Growth Marketer with 12 years Experience Getting Enterprise Tech Companies to
Profitability
South Miami, FL
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Jeffrey-Fermin/60585b76ad4f59ec

An experienced marketer whose professional journey started with founding Officevibe, a business-to-
business software used by over 4,000 organizations in over 100 countries. With 12 years of growth
marketing experience for enterprise tech companies, I’m familiar with implementing nuanced,
omnichannel strategies that broaden reach, improve acquisition, and drive sales. I am passionate
about digital marketing as a whole and am consistently broadening and refining my skill set.

Willing to relocate to: Tampa, FL - Remote -
Authorized to work in the US for any employer

Work Experience

Co-Founder and Marketing Manager
New Theory Creative - Miami, FL
June 2019 to Present

Founded  a  creative-centric  growth  agency  where  I  built  a  six-person  team  that  managed  various
campaigns for over 20 clients. Established and implemented SOPs for projects related to SEO, content
marketing, and ad campaigns for major platforms. Led video and photo production projects in conjunction
with other agencies and freelance talent.

Head of Marketing and Sales
Butterfly Artificial Intelligence - New York, NY
January 2018 to January 2019

Worked  cross-functionally  with  sales  and  product  teams  to  implement  an  account-based  marketing
strategy geared towards Fortune 500 companies; allowing us to acquire high-profile large and midsize
enterprises as paying clients.
• Played an integral role in the company’s 85% revenue growth
• Managed PR efforts, getting the company featured on several media outlets including CNBC, WSJ, and
Fox Business.
• Directed a panel at "Social Media Week" working in collaboration with Wal-Mart to discuss software's
role in the future of work.

Digital Marketing Contractor
Clubhouse Software - New York, NY
January 2017 to December 2017

This was a one-year-contract role with Clubhouse (now Shortcut) that focused on quickly raising brand
awareness and lead generation efforts between the company’s seed round and Series A — they went on to
obtain $10 Mil late 2018. As the company's first-ever marketing hire, my role consisted of me having to:
•  Manage  conception,  development,  and  implementation  of  marketing  plan  and  strategies,  product
concepts, and promotional programs to drive interest and sales
• Optimized landing pages and improved CRO, leading to an improvement in the

average monthly sign-ups by 112%.
• Created user profiles, case studies, along with customer-relevant content, that
improved the average monthly website traffic by 30% every month.
• Spearhead the strategic and tactical execution of marketing campaigns, including design of test/control
segmentation, implementation of tests, tracking, results reporting, analysis, and recommendations.

Digital Marketing Contractor
Futurestay - Newark, NJ
January 2016 to February 2017

This was a one-year contract with Futurestay, a startup in the hospitality space. My duties in this role
included:

• Establish positioning, identify target audiences, and develop marketing plans with specific objectives
across different channels and segments.
• Lead the execution of marketing programs from start to finish, leveraging internal support and driving
collaboration
• Analyze customer insights, consumer trends, market analysis, and marketing best practices to build
successful strategies
• Create, maintain, and conduct analytics reporting across multiple platforms and extract key insights
for  future  campaign  development  and  go-to-market  strategies,  complete  with  formal  proposals  and
recommendations on tactics.
• Partner with email, performance marketing and web teams to design, test and evolve lead nurturing
tactics.

Milestones:
• Directly responsible for improving the user base from 8,000 to 75,000 users
• Collaborated with designers and senior management to lead a rebrand.
• Supported ‘Client Success’ by implementing a CRM. Along with crafting all
messaging and collateral to acquire and retain leads.

Co-Founder and Marketing Director
Officevibe - Boston, MA
September 2011 to October 2015

Started Officevibe. A pulse survey tool used by over 4,000 organizations in 100 countries. I spearheaded
the marketing and sales departments; establishing an omnichannel marketing strategy that allowed the
company to gain traction and expand globally. Officevibe was acquired by Montreal-based Gsoft in 2013.
• Over $7 Mil in Annual Recurring Revenue in less than 4 years.
• Established and refined SOPs for marketing, sales, and customer success, allowing us to consistently
improve conversion rates at every part of the funnel.
• Hired over 40 employees, managed global contractors, and creative agencies.
• Established strategic tech partnerships that added new leads to the pipeline. Specifically, Microsoft,
Slack, Zenefits, and Bamboo HR.
• Used an SEO-centric content strategy that led to 405k site visits (on average) per month.
• Obtained over 100k social media followers and 80k newsletter subscribers.

Education

Bachelor's in Psychology
Florida International University - Miami, FL
May 2009 to April 2011

Skills

• PPC Campaign Management (3 years)

• Digital Marketing (10+ years)

• Search Engine Optimization (SEO) (8 years)

• SEM (3 years)

• Google Analytics (8 years)

• Analytics (6 years)

• B2B Sales (4 years)

• Performance Marketing (8 years)

• E-Commerce (2 years)

• Blogging (10+ years)

• Google AdWords (2 years)

Languages

• Spanish - Intermediate
• English - Expert

Links

http://twitter.com/jefffermin

https://jeffreyfermin.medium.com/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jfermin

https://www.newtheory.miami

Awards

White House Billion+ Change Panelist
January 2012

Technology Advice HR Tech Leader to Follow
January 2013

BuiltinMTL Top Entrepreneur List

March 2013

Microsoft Octas Innovation Award
2014

Microsoft Octas Innovation Award
2015

TechCrunch Disrupt (Runner-Up)
2014

Voyage MIA Entrepreneur Spotlight
2020

Shoutout Miami Entrepreneur Spotlight
2021

Certifications and Licenses

Inbound Marketing Certification
Present

Assessments

Social media — Proficient
August 2021

Knowledge of popular social media platforms, features, and functions
Full results: Proficient

Marketing — Proficient
December 2021

Understanding a target audience and how to best communicate with them
Full results: Proficient

Search engine optimization — Expert
January 2022

Interpreting online website performance metrics and understanding search engine optimization tactics
Full results: Expert

Search engine optimization — Expert
January 2022

Interpreting online website performance metrics and understanding search engine optimization tactics
Full results: Expert

Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.

