Khushbu Dhiman
Full stack developer
Ambala, Haryana
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Khushbu-Dhiman/4fba604b1d87e774

A curious learner and result-oriented professional with in-depth knowledge of designing and
development tools currently working in 
Infogain India Pvt. Ltd. as a Software Engineer with 3 years of experience in Software Development
using Java, Python, J2EE with 
proven expertise using frameworks like Spring Boot, Django to drive improvements throughout an
entire software development life- 
cycle and sprints.

Willing to relocate to: Noida, Uttar Pradesh - Bengaluru, Karnataka -

Personal Details

Date of Birth: 1995-01-25
Eligible to work in: India
Highest Career Level: 2-5 years experience
Industry: IT Operations & Helpdesk
Total years of experience: 3

Work Experience

Software Developer
INFOGAIN India Pvt. Ltd - Noida, Uttar Pradesh
April 2021 to Present

Vision 4.x Noida UP, IN

Web Application Development
Key  Skills:  Java,  Python,  Hibernate,  MySQL,  Junit,  SonarQube,  Postman,  SVN,  Spring  Boot,  Mockito,
Jenkins, Spring scheduler
Project Description: NCR - Vision 4.x
APTRA  Vision's  Incident  Management  (Vision  IM)  feature  is  an  automated  service-level  management
system designed to identify
problems that occur to networked Terminals. Vision IM tracks the problems, dispatches service teams if
necessary, and solves the problems without relying on Help Desk operators
Roles/ Responsibilities:
Gained hands-on experience in developing, implementing, and maintaining internal web applications
Working on Spring Boot, Spring MVC Using Hibernate with Oracle, SQL Server as Database.
Worked in collaboration with UI Team for modification of API'S and integrating with Application.
Coordinate with onsite people for technical design and implementation.
Performed Unit tests to ensure the software is up to date and working properly
Used TDD approach for Software development for high test coverage.

Added Logging Aspect for REST APIs using Spring AOP.
Bug Fixing in the code using Apache Solr 8.3.

Software Developer
INFOGAIN India Pvt. Ltd - Noida, Uttar Pradesh
February 2020 to March 2021

Key Skills: Java, Python, Django, SQL, MongoDB, Angular6, Swagger, SVN, Spring, Radis Cache.
Project Description:: NCR IT - Quote Builder As A Service -This Project is an Quote Builder Domain project
and provide functionality in order to create Product/Service and Subscription Quote and support SSOT
related functionalities.
Roles/ Responsibilities:
Design, Develop and Implements REST APIs as per the requirements.
Coding the programs in accordance with Program Specifications and adhering to Coding Standards
Worked in collaboration with UI Team for modification of API'S and integrating with Application.
Junit test cases for testing the functionality of application and bug fixing.
Creating REST API as per the requirements and involved in bug fixing of the existing API's.
Achievements: SPOT Performance Award of September'20

Education

M.C.A. in Computer Applications
Panjab University
January 2019

BSC
Kurukshetra University - Kurukshetra, Haryana
May 2015

Skills / IT Skills

• Java

• HTML5

• Python

• SQL

• JavaScript

• Django

• Spring Boot

• ROS

• Mongodb

• Mysql

• Programming languages: Java, Python, C, C++. 

Web Technologies: Spring Framework, Microservices, Spring MVC, Spring AOP, Django, HTML, CSS,
JSP, Angular. 
Data Modelling: XSLT, XML, Data Structure, Machine Learning 
Data Management: MongoDB, MySQL, Oracle, Redis, MS Access 
IDEs: Spring Boot, Eclipse, Visual Studio, Tensor Flow, Intellij, Jupiter Notebook Matlab. 
Tools: SVN, GIT, Crucible.

• Angular

• Css

• Agile

• C

Online Profile

http://www.linkedin.com/in/khushbu-dhiman-712135168

