Lakshya Joshi
Front end developer|angular| HTML|CSS|software
Hyderabad, Telangana
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Lakshya-Joshi/989c5899a0048f03

A diligent technology enthusiast with a total of 2.10 years of experience in the field of software 
development. Having a good knowledge and hands on experience with development of websites with 
help of HTML, CSS, JS, SQL and Bootstrap. Microsoft Certified with AZ-900. Determined to work on 
JavaScript based frameworks where I can enhance my skills and in return benefit the organization as 
well.

Willing to relocate to: Pune, Maharashtra - Bengaluru, Karnataka - Gurgaon, Haryana

Personal Details

Date of Birth: 1996-10-26
Highest Career Level: 2-5 years experience
Industry: Software Development
Total years of experience: 3

Work Experience

Developer
IBM - Hyderabad, Telangana
2019 to Present

Software Developer
IBM - Hyderabad, Telangana
2019 to Present

As  a  Software  developer  my  responsibility  is  to  make  interactive  applications  and  also  dynamic  web
applications. Used HTML, CSS and angular to dynamic and user friendly applications

CEMEX is a global leader in the building material industry that provides high-quality products and reliable
services with a rich history of improving the well being of those it serves through innovative
building solutions, efficiency, advancements and sustainability efforts.
CEMEX Go project is a digital solution that automates order-to-cash workflows, enabling the purchase of
products, tracking of deliveries, and managing of order sin real time. The platform is transforming
the role of the company's Salesforce, allowing it to dedicate more time to better serving customers.
Role and Responsibility:
As a Software developer, primarily worked on building and designing dynamic web pages using
HTML5, CSS3, JS.
Implementing a mobile-first approach to existing websites
Used SQL procedures and DML queries for storing and updating the user data.
Also provide support and resolve all complex programs and coordinate with clients.

Education

Bachelor's in Electronics and Communication
Rajasthan Technical University - Jaipur, Rajasthan
August 2014 to June 2018

Higher Secondary(12th Pass) in Physics Mathematics and chemistry
Jaipur, Rajasthan
April 2013 to May 2014

Secondary(10th Pass) in Others
Jaipur, Rajasthan
April 2011 to May 2012

Skills / IT Skills

• ON: CSS, HTML, JS, SQL, SQL DBA, Sublime, SQL Management Studio, Angular

• WITH: Python, Java, Jupyter

• WORKED

• FAMILAR

• C

• HTML5

• JavaScript

• SQL

• Angularjs

• Angular

• Agile

• Java

