Mondeep Boruah
NodeJs Backend Developer
Bengaluru, Karnataka
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Mondeep-Boruah/a9a106fdc7603c5d

I'm a Software Engineer having 4 years of expertise in web development in an Agile environment.
Experienced 
in both F/E and B/E technologies. Having rich hands on exposure in backend REST API development
using 
Node.Js. Having good hands on exposure to single page application development using Angular 6+ &
ReactJs 
Having exposure to both SQL(MySQL & MSSQL) and NoSQL(MongoDB & CassandraDB) databases.
Having good 
experience in Integration development using MuleSoft. I'm passionate to learning new IT skills and
currently 
growing as a professional.

Work Experience

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER
ICF Next - Bengaluru, Karnataka
February 2021 to Present

India.

Project Title E-KYC
Description It is a Fin-Tech web application that helps the client to verify its customer with the help of
an ID like Aadhaar, PAN etc.
Responsibilities • Individually handled the development of RESTFul APIs for backend
• Integrated the APIs with third party services.
• Provided support on UI development.

APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT ANALYST
ACCENTURE - Bengaluru, Karnataka
October 2017 to February 2021

India.

Project Title Gitex
Description It is a data visualization web application. Main objective of this application is to track the
mobility of people around different regions of UAE during covid-19. It has
different modules like tapestry, mobility, mode of transport, accident prediction
etc.
Responsibilities • Developed the backend RESTful APIs with an individual effort.
• Provided support in API integration with UI.
Project Title MyNav-ID

Description MyNav-ID is an intelligent diagnostic web application which provides the user with discussions
related to different cloud platforms like AWS, AZURE, GCP etc
Responsibilities • Developed RESTful APIs for the backend
• Development of UI components and integrating those with backend APIs.
• Created functionalities using Node.Js for uploading files to Azure BLOB
storage.
Project Title Rakuten
Description Omni channel web application which provides the users with facilities like raising a
ticket on network issues, buying a product, raise a query etc. It is a telecom based
product.
Responsibilities • Developed and enhanced the micro-services and RESTful APIs.
• Developed UI components in Angular 6 and integrating those with backend
NodeJs APIs.
• Wrote Unit test cases using MOCHA and CHAI frameworks.

Project Title H&PS
Description It is an Accenture internal a content management hybrid application which
provides various public service information to the employees
Responsibilities • Developed RESTful APIs for hybrid mobile application and web admin
application using NodeJs and Express
• Created DB tables for storing the data in MySQL.
• Wrote Unit test cases using MOCHA and CHAI.
• Participated in code deployment to AWS EC2 instance

Project Title Humarashop
Description Hindustan Unilever E-commerce platform which allows the user to order and buy
product from stores nearby to their location.
Responsibilities • Developed and enhanced RESTful APIs to integrate Darwin to Hybris
backend, UI to Hybris backend using Mulesoft
• Deployed APIs to Mulesoft cloudhub
• Provided support in Grafana monitoring

Education

Skills / IT Skills

• JavaScript

Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications
Assam Engineering College - Guwahati, Assam
2014 to 2017

• PRIMARY: NodeJs, Express, Javascript, ES6 

SEONDARY: Angular 6+, ReactJs, Core Java, MySQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Mulesoft, Agile, SAFe, Git 
TOOLS: JIRA, Git, VS Code, Eclipse, Postman, Workbench

