Abhishek Gaur
Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Abhishek-Gaur/054e54e1ab66b344

Work Experience

Marketing Manager
Wheel Tracker
July 2018 to Present

Planning &Execution of Promotional activity in various locations.
➲ Handling entire Marketing campaign drives.
➲ Identify and generate customer leads in the transportation and logistics industry and live
demonstration of GPS tracking device software for their business.
➲ Support to sales team and provide different types of marketing activities for improve business.
➲  Daily  check  all  customer's  vehicle  active/inactive  condition  by  GPS  tracking  system  and  inform  to
technical team.
➲ Educate Customers that how to use GPS software and check vehicle location and as well as other
tools work by the GPS tracking device App.
➲ Provide the complete vehicle report by backend team as per customer call.
➲ Joint visit with sales team for improve business and check place for promotional BTL activity.
➲ Follow-up to the customer related business deal after live demo of GPS tracking device system
activity.

➲ Arrange service camp at institute, school according to sales team.
➲ Provide Branding material and support to sales team.

Circle Marketing Officer
GIONEE MOBILE INDIA
February 2017 to August 2017

Handling New Product & Schemes launch- Planning and execution of events and BTL activities for launch
of various products and schemes as well as create consumer touch points for deeper
association with consumers.
➲ Events n Promotions-planning to execute the local events like mall activity/Multiplex/Road shows/
Sponsorships.
➲ Handling BTL activities like sales promotional activities/Retailers Meet/Consumer connect.
➲ Planning &Execution of complete BTL activity in various locations.
➲ Coordinate with others in marketing- in selection, Planning & organizing Signage, Inshop, outdoor.
Responsible for complete Product Display, new product n scheme communication, In shop & Out Shop
branding.
➲ Storming the new ideas for marketing activities as compare to other competitors.
➲ Handling GSB/ACP/Digital and diffuser signage management- Set the market priority for signage
placement /Shortlist the key outlets for inshop branding.
➲ Ensure all POS & other marketing materials are as per company brand- Across all touch points.
➲ Retail Maintenance as per planogram & guideline.
➲ Handling new campaigns Outdoor/Merchandising/ Canopy drives.

➲  Handling  Vendors/agency  selection/Rate  negotiation/Raising  purchase  order  and  following  up  of
delivery timelines/Payment etc.

Marketing Executive
IDEA CELLULAR LTD - Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh
July 2013 to February 2017

Responsible for entire marketing activities in Bareilly Zone.
➲ Handling POP Management-Ensured timely availability of all relevant POP and logical allocation to all
towns and keep regular tracking of merchandising.
➲ Taking care of all Administrative activities in the State.
➲ Handling event & activities like sales promotional activities/Retailers Meet/Consumer connect.
➲ Audit and tracking all ATL activities as a Electronic and Prints ads like TV ads, Radio ads, newspaper
ads and ads running in cinema hall.
➲ Planning &Execution of complete activity in various locations.
➲ Handling New Product & Schemes launch- Planning and execution of events and BTL activities
for launch of various products and schemes as well as create consumer touch points for deeper
association with consumers
➲ Events n Promotions-planning to execute the local events like mall activity/Multiplex/Road shows/
Sponsorships
➲ Brand activity in LMS (Low Market Share)
➲ Storming the new ideas for marketing activities as compare to other competitors.
➲ Handling entire retail outlets of Bareilly Zone.
➲ Handling Outdoor Planning & Execution-Hoardings at prime location, wall rap, wall painting
➲ Ensure all leaflets/POP all sales aids, signages, and other material are as per company brand- Across
all touch points.
➲ Coordinate with others in marketing- in selection, Planning & organizing Signage, Inshop, outdoor.
Responsible for complete Product Display, new product n scheme communication, In shop & Out Shop
branding
➲ Handling new campaigns Outdoor/Merchandising/ Canopy drives.
➲  Handling  Vendors/agency  selection/Rate  negotiation/Raising  purchase  order  and  following  up  of
delivery timelines/Payment etc.
➲ Handling Glow sign and Marquee sign management- Set the market priority for signage placement /
Shortlist the key outlets for inshop branding.

Marketing Executive
VODAFONE ESSAR SOUTH LTD - Haldwani, Uttarakhand
February 2008 to January 2013

Responsible for entire marketing activities in Haldwani Branch
➲ Handling 10500 retail outlets of Haldwani Branch.
➲ Maintain competitors report from market.
➲ Responsible for AVI (Availability Visibility Index) of Branch.
➲ Brand Support for Retailer engagement program Aao Mile.
➲ Handling all ground level activities like sales promotional activities/Retailers Meet/Consumer
connect.
➲ Handling Outdoor Planning & Execution-Hoardings at prime location, wall rap, wall painting.
➲ Ensure all leaflets/POP all sales aids, signage's, and other material are as per company brand- Across
all touch points.
➲ Coordinate with others in marketing- in selection, Planning & organizing Signage, Inshop, outdoor.

Responsible for complete Product Display, new product n scheme communication, In shop & Out Shop
branding.
➲  Handling  Vendors/agency  selection/Rate  negotiation/Raising  purchase  order  and  following  up  of
delivery timelines/Payment etc.
➲ Planning &Execution of complete BTL activity in various locations.
➲ Handling New Product & Schemes launch- Planning and execution of events and BTL activities
for launch of various products and schemes as well as create consumer touch points for deeper
association with consumers.

Education

B.P.'Ed in English in Hindi
Amravati University - Amravati, Maharashtra
2005

B.Com
MJP Rohilkhand University - Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh
2004

Skills / IT Skills

year) Networking

• Reports Generating

• Technical Support

• Technical Proficiency

• Liaison/Coordination

• Report Preparation

• Interpersonal Skills

• Microsoft, execl

• LIAISON (Less than 1 year), NETWORKING (Less than 1 year), TECHNICAL SUPPORT (Less than 1

