Binoj Babu
Experience in Marketing and Customer Care
Trichur, Kerala
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Binoj-Babu/7f409f8cd4bc0820

1. Lead Generation 
2. Customer Acquisition 
3. Customer Service 
4. Customer Support 
5. Products Pitching 
6. Handling objection 
7. Generating sales achievement portfolio 
8. Maintaining Records 
9. Email and CRE Handling 
10. Sales backend support 
11. Cold calls handling 
12. Maintaining relationships

Willing to relocate to: Trichur, Kerala - -

Personal Details

Date of Birth: 1989-05-10
Eligible to work in: India
Highest Career Level: 2-5 years experience
Industry: Administrative Assistance, Construction, Customer Service, Export, Import, Logistic Support,
Marketing, Retail, Sales
Total years of experience: 4

Work Experience

Marketing Officer
Thrissur Builders Pvt Ltd - Trichur, Kerala
February 2021 to November 2021

1. Total control of website – its management, dynamics and improvisation.
2. Total control of digital marketing – planning, getting approval and execution of digital marketing as
decided from time to time to generate maximum leads.
3. Prepare project wise marketing proposal in consultation with AGM BD and prepare proposals,through
marketing coordinate, get approval from MD and execute the same.
4. Analysis strategy versus results. Interact with sales staff on quality of enquiries and the conventions
and evaluate ststergies.
5. Monitor and maintenance of our own hoardings, third party hoardings, plan and propose new hoarding
as and when necessary with cost impact.
6.  Propose  new  strategies  with  cost  implications  and  possible  results  to  generate  more  productive
enquiries.

7. Find new avenues of marketing at low cost.
8. Submit a fortnightly report on the impact of different marketing ststergies based on results.
9. Submit daily work plan and work done report in to AGM BD and post the same in marketing group.
10. Enquiry distribution, CRM update checking and submitting reports.

Customer Care Associate
ASIAN Paints - Trichur, Kerala
February 2019 to June 2020

1. Maintain and grow sales relationships with existing clients.
2. Develop and maintain technical product or service knowledge to explain features to clients and answer
questions about goods or services.
3.  Assisted  clients  with  service,  purchase,  branding,  advertising  and  marketing,  increasing  monthly
sales.
4.  Increase  followers  on  social  media  by  150%  on  average,  resulting  in  increased  sales  via  internet
through a significant increase in brand awareness.
5.  Initiated  a  series  of  marketing  campaigns  including  email,  print,  digital,  outdoor  and  social  media
analysis.
6. Develop, implement and report on marketing plans and sales strategies to achieve business goals.
7. Negotiate the terms of an agreement and close sales.
8. Make accurate rapid cost calculations and providing customers with quotations.

Sales and Marketing Executive
Sreekrishna Electrodes Pvt Ltd - Trichur, Kerala
June 2015 to October 2018

1. Engages in superior customer service by making information readily available.
2. Schedules appointments and meetings as necessary.
3. Consult with clients after sales to resolve problems and to provide ongoing support.
4.  Assess  client’s  needs,  recommend  or  assist  in  the  selection  of  appropriate  goods  or  services,  and
negotiate prices or other sales terms.
5. Prepare and administer sales contracts and maintain customer records.
6. A driver’s license and a good driving record may be required.
7. May supervise the staff and sales specialists.

Education

Master's in Logistics and Marketing
Bharathiar University - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
June 2013 to April 2015

Bachelor's in BCA
Bharathiar University - Trichur, Kerala
June 2010 to April 2012

Higher Secondary(12th Pass) in Computer Science
Kerala board of Examination - Trichur, Kerala
October 2009

Secondary(10th Pass) in SSLC
Don Bosco Higher Secondary School - Trichur, Kerala
June 2005

Skills / IT Skills

• Microsoft office (6 years)

• Email Marketing (4 years)

• Customer Handling (4 years)

• Customer Support (4 years)

• Sales (4 years)

• Marketing (4 years)

• Customer service

• Communication skills

• Computer skills

• English

• Technical Support

• Hindi

• Typing

• Microsoft Excel

Languages

• English - Fluent
• Malayalam - Expert
• Hindi - Beginner
• Tamil - Beginner

Online Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/binoj-babu-35709b1ba

Additional Information

KEY SKILLS 
Communication and teamwork 
Able to communicate effectively in a professional business manner and as a member of a team. 
Ability to cultivate relationships and strategic partnerships. 
 
Ability to meet deadlines and work under pressure 
I am driven to meet deadlines while maintaining accuracy, and have never been late with an
assignment. 
 

Enthusiastic, hard-working and eager to learn 
Reliable and trustworthy, with a strong work ethic and values. 
Exceptional moral and work ethics with a strong sense of self discipline 
 
Technical skills 
Strong technical proficiency in Microsoft Office 2010 (Advanced Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint),
Adobe Photoshop, and Master Diploma in Animation

