Eddy Martinez
Digital Marketing Expert
Los Angeles, CA
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Eddy-Martinez/6885fcbc332f45e8

10 years of experience developing strategies used in online marketing, utilizing techniques in the field
such as digital ad buying, e-mail marketing, photography, videography, social media content creation,
landing page development, and search engine optimization.

Authorized to work in the US for any employer

Work Experience

Marketing Manager
EMRG Online - Brentwood, CA
June 2019 to Present

Marketing Manager
Equisolar - Encino, CA
January 2019 to June 2019

Managed  a  team  of  web  developers,  content  writers,  graphic  designers,  reputation  management
associates  and  email  marketers.  Analyzed  website,  social  media,  and  email  data  to  create  winning
strategies for a growing roster of clients. Trained junior and associate-level employees on the latest and
most effective techniques in digital marketing, website design, and reputation management. Responsible
for  the  overall  online  growth  of  several  client  accounts  by  improving  online  ratings,  online  presence,
social media engagement, sales, and lead generation. Other duties included creating reports, managing
clients and campaign strategy development.

Developed  and  executed  the  online  marketing  strategy  for  Equisolar  with  a  focus  on  website
development,  email  marketing  campaigns,  social  media,  and  third-party  websites.  Redesigned  the
website, designed new social media creatives, managed all third-party websites and brought over 250
new client reviews total. I worked closely with our sales team to bring new marketing materials such as
brochures, business cards, door hangers, and flyers. Other duties included copy editing all the content
on the website, social media, third-party websites, and on all traditional marketing materials.

Marketing Manager
A-List Builders - Sherman Oaks, CA
January 2018 to January 2019

Marketing manager responsible for developing overall marketing strategy including website design and
website  content,  social  media  content,  digital  ads,  email  marketing,  and  third-party  website  activity.
Other duties included photography, videography, photo, and video editing, creating traditional marketing
materials and developing a mobile app for project estimations and sales contracts. Worked with third-
party developers to enhance the company CRM (Salesforce) to improve the functionality for reporting,
customer relations, and sub-contractors.

Social Media Manager
Green Solar Technologies - North Hollywood, CA

January 2015 to January 2018

Marketing  manager  responsible  for  maintaining  all  active  social  media  platforms  including  Facebook,
Twitter, Instagram, Google +, Youtube, Yelp and LinkedIn. Develops focused marketing campaigns which
integrates blog writing, organic and paid Facebook ad campaigns, email marketing campaigns, online
retargeting ads and inside sales team marketing. 

Managed  a  team  responsible  for  content  creation  for  the  company  website.  Ensures  marketing
strategy  are  implemented  correctly  and  on  schedule.  Worked  with  multiple  departments  including
sales department, financing department, project management department and company executives to
execute overall marketing strategy. 

Developed creative and brand-centric content for the company website and social media pages which
includes writing, photography, graphic design, and videography.

Marketing Manager
Ranksharks Digital Marketing Agency - Los Angeles, CA
May 2013 to December 2014

Worked  with  clients  to  plan  and  execute  online  marketing  campaigns.  Delivered  monthly  web  and
social  media  analytic  reports  to  clients.  Developed  social  media  marketing  plans  to  help  build  brand
awareness and conversions. Managed online ad campaigns for Heartwsoon.com, SuperCarsofMiami.com
Detroitkicks.com and more. Brokered traditional outdoor ad buys for Wagwalking.com, Inviteup.com and
others.

Social Media Manager, Content Creator
The Recording Connection - Los Angeles, CA
January 2010 to May 2013

Created online music production lessons for social media platforms. Copy editor for company website and
social media sites on the web. Worked with other content creators and social media teams to coordinate
content and online campaigns.

Education

Bachelor's in English
CSUN - Northridge, CA
September 2008 to June 2010

Skills

• Email Marketing (4 years)

• Digital Marketing (8 years)

• Video Editing (5 years)

• Graphic Design (4 years)

• Wordpress (2 years)

• Google Ads, Google Analytics, Google Search Central, Google Suite, Microsoft Suite, SalesForce,
Hootsuite, Buffer, HootSuite, Social Sprout, Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, Lightroom, Facebook,
Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, YouTube, and Pinterest. (10+ years)

• Social Media Marketing (10+ years)

• Social Media (10+ years)

• Hootsuite (5 years)

• Facebook (10+ years)

• Photoshop (4 years)

• Marketing Strategy (4 years)

• SEO (4 years)

• MS Office (10+ years)

• Google Analytics (4 years)

• Salesforce (5 years)

• Customer Service (10+ years)

• Adobe Creative Suite (4 years)

• Content Management (8 years)

• Web Development (2 years)

• Content Creation (8 years)

• Copywriting (4 years)

• Blogging (4 years)

• Branding (2 years)

• Management

• Social Media Management (10+ years)

Certifications and Licenses

Google Ads -Shopping Ads Certification
October 2021 to October 2022

Google recognizes the mastery of the fundamentals of creating and customizing effective Shopping
campaigns. 
 
See Certification here: https://skillshop.exceedlms.com/student/award/7y7jm35ChszMx6i6qdv9gnEZ 
 
Completion ID: 94694122

Google Ads - Measurement Certification
October 2021 to October 2022

Google recognizes the mastery of the fundamentals of measuring and optimizing your Google Ads
performance. 
 
See Certification here: https://skillshop.exceedlms.com/student/award/zFNcUgd6CTbiZEpJLeEZ5TCg 
 
Completion ID: 94483619

Google Ads - Video Certification
October 2021 to October 2022

Google recognizes the mastery of the fundamentals of reaching audiences using YouTube and Google
Video ad solutions. 
 
See Certification here: https://skillshop.exceedlms.com/student/award/vurqDKBZ8u797AGrDF3ZAwm4 
 
Completion ID: 94308957

Google Ads - Search Certification
October 2021 to October 2022

Google recognizes the mastery of the fundamentals of building and customizing effective Google
Search campaigns. 
 
See Certification here: https://skillshop.exceedlms.com/student/award/H452mgSPfLm7dgnWHymTiUZq 
 
Completion ID: 43471870Google Ads Search Certification

Google Ads - Display Certification
October 2021 to October 2022

Google recognizes the mastery of the fundamentals of developing and optimizing effective Google
Display campaigns. 
 
See Certification here: https://skillshop.exceedlms.com/student/award/QtSWbm5qv4eCdyo1wULdx9Sr 
 
Completion ID: 87474861

Google Ads - Apps Certification
October 2021 to October 2022

Google recognizes your mastery of the fundamentals of creating and optimizing Google App
campaigns. 
 
See Certification here: https://skillshop.exceedlms.com/student/award/sonX4oRB2cvapYhWi3XXH1Ym 
 
Completion ID: 94782601

Klaviyo - SMS Strategy Certification
October 2021 to April 2023

The Klaviyo SMS Strategy Certification demonstrates complete knowledge on how to create an
effective SMS marketing strategy and cover tactics that range from beginner to advanced levels. 
 
See Certification here: 
https://verify.skilljar.com/c/ua9xgjtznaxs 
 
Certificate No: ua9xgjtznaxs

Assessments

Search Engine Optimization — Highly Proficient

June 2019

Measures a candidate's ability to interpret online website performance metrics and understand search
engine optimization tactics.
Full results: Highly Proficient

Social Media — Expert
March 2020

Measures a candidate's ability to create content, communicate online, and build a brand's reputation.
Full results: Expert

Marketing — Highly Proficient
March 2020

Understanding a target audience and how to best communicate with them.
Full results: Highly Proficient

Software Developer Fit — Proficient
March 2020

Measures the traits that are important for successful software developers.
Full results: Proficient

Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.

Additional Information

Eddy Martinez 
818-455-9768 
eddyanthonymartinez@gmail.com

