Ekta Merai
Surat, Gujarat
-Email me on Indeed: http://www.indeed.com/r/Ekta-Merai/6d63f374d6d100c5

Work Experience

Shopify Developer-wordpress Developer
Tecocraft Infusion Pvt Ltd - Surat, Gujarat
January 2021 to Present

Developed site from the scratch in Wordpress and shopify.
● Worked with Shopify AJAX API, Admin REST API
● Worked with CLI, Themekit, GITHUB
● Developed custom, private and public apps.
● Communicate with clients and collect the requirements.
● Customized the theme in shopify
● Improved the site speed in shopify and wordpress site
● Fixed the bugs on sites

Shopify Developer-wordpress Developer
Day dream soft Pvt Ltd - Surat, Gujarat
April 2019 to December 2020

Developed site from the scratch in Wordpress and shopify.
● Communicate with clients and collect the requirements.
● Customized the plugin in wordpress.
● Customized the theme in shopify
● Improved the site speed in shopify and wordpress site
● Fixed the bugs on sites

PHP Developer
Broadview Innovation Pvt Ltd - Surat, Gujarat
July 2017 to June 2018

Developed customization option and integrated payment gateway according to client
requirement for online booking system.
• Tested "Cleanto" booking system.

Education

ICT
J. P. Dawer Institute of Information Science & Technology - Surat, Gujarat
June 2015 to April 2017

BCA in Photography
Usha Institute of Applied Science & Dhiru-Sarla Institute of Management & Commerce valsad - valsad,
GUJARAT, IN

• HTML, CSS, PHP, Liquid, Shopify, Shopify 2.0, WordPress, Ajax, jQuery, Mysql, REST API, Admin Ajax

June 2012 to February 2015

Skills / IT Skills

API.

• Shopify private app, public app, custom app

• HTML to Shopify website development by using section and metafield

• HTML to Wordpress website development by using ACF custom field

• eCommerce website development by using Woocommerce

• Different type of shopify theme and APPs integration and customization

• Payment Method: Paypal, Stripe, PayU, Airpay, 2chckout, EBS

Online Profile

http://www.linkedin.com/in/ekta-merai

