                                                           
   

 CURRICULUM VITAE

                           
Objective

Seeking an opportunity with a dynamic growth oriented organization, 
one that encourages Contributing my knowledge, development skills 
profitably and offers an opportunity to learn and expand horizon.

Educational qualification details:                                              

 DEE   (Diploma   in   Electrical   Engineering)   From   Punjab   Technical

University (PUNJAB) in the year 2013.

Computer  Skills



Application : MS Office  (word, excel, PowerPoint)

Skills and abilities

 Adaptable to all types of working environment.
 Ability to grasp and learn concepts quickly.
 Believe in Hard work and a hard worker too.
 Ability to Work Independently, With High Level of Motivation and 

Service Mindset.

Languages known

 English, Hindi, Urdu (Read Write & Speak).

.

         
ASIF UR RAHMAN
Email ID:-
asifdelhi6@gmail.com
     

Mobile:  +91  828 573 4978
               
Permanent Address:

S/O Mr. Motiur Rahman,

Zakir nagar okhla 

New Delhi - 110025

Personal Data:

Date of Birth       : 07th may 1993 

Sex                    :  Male

Age                    :  23

Nationality          :  Indian

Marital Status     :  Single

Passport No        :  M 6132815

+Key Skills:

 Responsible for installation cable tray, rack, panel and its supports electrical equipments 

like switchgear and control panels, distribution transformer, motors etc. 

 Operates a variety of electrical testing equipment in locating and determining types of 

electrical malfunctions.

 Repairs and maintains high voltage systems.
 Calibration, Erection & testing of field Instruments like transmitters, switches, RTD & 
thermocouple for process parameter such as pressure, temperature, flow &level.

  Preparation of Calibration & Installation protocols. 
  Testing of Instrumentation Control signals from field instruments to DCS. 

Page 1 of 2

  Working Knowledge in Instrument Hook-up diagram’s& PID’S (Piping and 

Instrumentation diagrams).

 Cabling, Cable laying, Termination, interpanel wiring and loop checking.
 Hook-up preparation, Hook-up installation in LIE and LIR.
 Installation of Impulse Piping for their respective Transmitter.

 Clear knowledge in,

 Pulverized coal combustion boiler, 
 Circulating fluidized bed combustion (CFBC) boiler, 
 Concentrated solar thermal power,

Responsibilities:

works at site.

 Monitoring, review and inspection of all major activities and progress of the E&I construction

 Interface with engineering, planning and procurement as well as other disciplines.
 Periodic reporting to the Project Manager from Client side.
 Well Co-ordination with client and customer.
 Attending safety co-ordination meeting.
 Monitoring the Quality of Jobs.

PROJECT DETAILS

Project: 1

Company         :  M/s United Automation and Services.

Duration          :  05th August 2013 to 2nd Sep 2016

Designation     :  Electrical Engineer 

Project Name  :  5x500 TPH, CFBC, CCPP, PROJECT.
Customer
Client            :  Thermax Engineering Construction Co Ltd.

 :  Reliance Utility and Power limited, Hazira (Gujarat).

Job responsibilities:-

 Responsible for C&I construction activities in Boiler.
 Co-ordination with client.
 Periodic reporting to Project managers...

   Declaration:                                                                                                                                                  

                      I hereby declare that all the statements made in the above vitae are true to the best of
my  

knowledge and belief.       

Date:

Palace:-

Page 2 of 2

