 
                                                          
HARDIK T. MEHTA                                                                                                                                   
Plot no-248/4, ‘sneh’appt. 
Near ch-5,sector-22. 
Gandhinagar-382021.                                                                                                                     
Gujarat. 
E-mail:    mehta.hardik.13@gmail.com  
Mobile : +91-9924139147. 
 
 
Objective 
 
To  associate  myself  with  an  organization  that  provides  a  challenging  job  and  an  opportunity  to  prove 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

innovative  skills  and  diligent  work.  To  enhance  my  professional  skills  in  a  dynamic  and  stable  workplace 

making an effective use of the technical skills and to contribute significantly in the success of the organization. 

 

 

Academic Qualification 
 
 

Degree/ 
Certificate 

Institute 

M.TECH in Electrical Eng. 
(Electrical Power Systems) 

Institute Of Technology,  
Nirma  University 

B.E. (Electrical) 

XII 

X 

Sankalchand patel college of 
engineering, Visnagar. 

Shri Swaminarayan Gurukul 
School,Gandhinagar 
Shri Swaminarayan Gurukul 
School,Gandhinagar 

Board / 
University 

Nirma 
University 

Gujarat 
Technological 
University 

Year of 
Passing 

Percentage 
or 
Grade 

2015 

7.40 PPI*          

2012 

7.71 
CGPA* 

G.H.S.E.B. 

2008 

66.60% 

G.S.E.B. 

2006 

87% 

                                                                                                                              CGPA: Cumulative Grade Point Average 
                                                                                                                              PPI: Progressive Performance Index 
 
 
 
 
Summer Internship Synopsis 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  Company: Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Ltd, Thermal Power Station, Gandhinagar. 

  Objective : To understand all about Power system equipments. 
  Duration : 12 days.  

 

  Company: Larsen and Toubro (Electrical and Automation) Ltd, Vadodara. 

  Objective : To learn about construction of MCCB theoretically and practically, how to make assembly 
of  MCCB  in  production  side,  test  carried  out  by  company  as  per  standard  IEC  60947-2  after  made 
assembly of MCCB and Pro-E software which used for designing of MCCB.  

  Duration : 1 month. (May 2014-June 2014)    

Engineering Project Synopsis (Industrial Training) 
 

  Project Title : Analysis on Electromagnetic Repulsion Force for Enhancement in Repulsion Threshold 

Current of Contact System of 250 A Frame MCCB. 

  Company: Larsen and Toubro (Electrical and Automation) Ltd, Vadodara. 

  Objective : This project is initiated by carrying out detailed study of the factors and design constraints   
related  to  repulsion  threshold  current  (Irp)  of  the  MCCB.  Present  design  analyzed  on  JMAG/ANSYS 
Maxwell  to  find  out  their  limitations,  Based  on  that  find  out  simulation  results  &  new  concepts  for 
contact  system  of the MCCB  is  generate.  Project  objective  is  to  enhance  repulsion  threshold  current 
(Irp)  of  contact  system  of  250  A  frame  MCCB.  Electromagnetic  repulsion  forces  generated  between 
moving  &  fixed  contacts  are  of  repulsive  nature  due  to  opposite  direction  of  current  path.  The 
mechanical force offered by MCCB mechanism opposes these Electromagnetic repulsion forces. In this 
project contact pressure (CP) offered by contact springs will be a constant. 

  Duration: 1 year (July 2014-April 2015) 

 

  Project Title : Generator Protection & Testing of Relays. 
  Company: Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Ltd, Thermal Power Station, Gandhinagar. 

  Objective  :  The  objective  of  this  project  is  to  understand  all  about  generator  protection  schemes  & 
their settings, testing of some protection relay using micro-controller. To protect the generator against 
the  over  current,  differential  and  turbine  to  boiler  trip  with  help  of  instantaneous  micro-controller 
based  relay,  one  can  practically  implement  this  program.  Programming  is  done  in  Code  Vision  AVR 
software  and  simulated  in  Proteus  software.  Result  of  this  simulation  is  implemented  in  hardware. 
Hardware results are same as software result. These programs can be used as reference in power plant 
industries. 

  Duration: 1 year. (June 2011-May 2012) 

  1 MW Solar Power Plant , PDPU Gandhinagar. 
  ALDC and EMC , Gandhinagar. 
  Hydro Power Plant , Sardar Sarovar, Kevadiya. 

 

 
Industrial Visits 
 

 
Computer Proficiency   
 

 
Extra Curricular Activities  

national level. 

           Vadodara. 

 
Achievements 

  Conversant with MS office. 
  knowledge of software like MATLAB, PSIM, ETAP, PSCAD, Pro-E, JMAG, MAXWELL. 

 
  Participate  in  Quiz  event  of  E2  COMMUTONICS  2K10  at  Charotar  institute  of  technology,  Changa, 

  Participate in Kuruxetra event of PROJECTIONS’11 AT Parul institute of engineering & technology,  

  Participate in Top Gear event of TEQNIX at L.D.College of Engineering, Ahmedabad. 

 
  Achieved Gold medal in 8th all Gujarat Kan Zen Goju Karate Championship 2002. 
  Achieved Gold medal in 10th Gandhinagar Dist. Kanzen Goju Karate Championship 2002. 

  Name    
  Date of Birth 
  Gender  
  Languages Known 
  Hobbies / Interests          : Playing cricket, bad-minton and pool-snooker. 

               : Hardik T. Mehta 
 
               : Male 

   : English, Hindi & Gujarati 

   : 13th october, 1990 

Personal Details 
 

 
Areas of Interest 
 

  Substation Designing. 
  Designing and Developing of Transmission line and Protection equipment. 
  Switchgear and Protection. 
  Smart Grid Technologies. 
  Power System Analysis and Design.  
  Distributed Power Generation.    

 
Personal Assets 
 
My Strength may be marked with three words:- 

  Hard Work 
  Self-motivation  
Integrity      
 
 

Declaration 
 

I here by declare that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 
 
 
Place: Gandhinagar                                                                                                                                        HARDIK MEHTA 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

