RESUME

R.ELAKKIYARAJ.,BE.,
  3Year 4Month experience in Solar Energy
Email.id:     raajlucky004@gmail.com
Mob.No:    +91-887-000-772-5

SUMMARY                                                                     

1. Hands on experience in developing, evaluating and analysis of solar energy systems with 

sound knowledge of Electrical and Electronic Engineering. Looking for a challenging position in solar
power energy towards with the view to attain professional growth and development.

2. A highly motivated and dynamic electrical engineer with production, testing and 

commissioning with solar PV module systems.

3. To be associated with progressive organization that give me scope to apply knowledge, 

skills and myself a part of the team dynamically work towards the growth of organization.
4. To perform task given to me with maximum efficiency and higher quality while 

maintaining a strict level of professional ethical value.

Achieved Bachelor of Degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Prince Shri 

Venkateshwara Engineer College, Anna university of Chennai in the Year of 2013.

EDUCATION

ORGANIZATION
POSITION
DURATION
FIELD
CONTACT

  :
  :
  :
  :
  :

CAREER HISTORY
Aukar Technologies
Production Engineer
From April”2013 to Till Now
Production, Erection and Stock incharge of solar panels
aukartech.com

JOB RESPONSILITIES

1. PV module designing since 10Wp to 300Wp.
2. Finalizing solar PV efficiency, Module Sixe, Cell Size.
3. Making process of Tabbing, Stringing, Layering, Bus Bar, Lamination, Module Testing 

using Sun Stimulator, Framing, Fixing Junction Box, Cleaning and Packing.

4. Quality assurance for Module Division.
5. Handle responsibilities of providing technical guidance to the staff in Power Systems.
6. Perform Calculation and determining the solar power systems by using standard Ministry 

of New and Renewables Energy(MNRE) calculation.

7. Perform research and the best technologies and strategies to provide full support in all 

8. Responsibilities for identifying requirements to meet project delivery schedules and 

phase of project.

determining solution, If any

9. Responsibilities for operate and programming in semi-automatic laminating machine.
10. Preparation of weekly and monthly progress updates and Bank account reports.
11. Responsibilities to implement Solar power systems with client satisfy and organization 

satisfy. Promoting organization in the websites.

AREA OF INTEREST

Power Plant Engineering 
Design and Control of Electrical Machines
Electrical Estimation

ACHIEMENTS

Academic result oriented
Completed a Home Construction from basements to opening with all responsibilities
I had done My Everywhere with full satisfaction 

HOBBIES

Listening the entire world especially My surroundings
Playing Carom and Drawing
Home wiring

MY POSITIVES

Innovative Thinker
Ability to work with a team
Never give up My goal

BIO-DATA

Father’s Name
D.O.B
Nationality
Languages Known
Marital Status
Permanent Address

Passport Number 
Passport Validity

:
:
:
:
:
:

:
:

RAJENDRAN S
23rd DEC 1991
INDIAN
English and Tamil
Unmarried
1/197, Middle Street, Ogalur (post), Kunnam (taluk),
Perambalur (district), 621108
L6778368
31 Dec 2023

DECLARATION
I hereby to declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of My 
Knowledge. I will earnestly endeavour My Duty. I requested that I may please be entrusted with a job 
in your Esteemed Project.

DATE  :

PLACE  :

Truthfully,

(Signature)
(ELAKKIYARAJ R)

